This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside your agency.

Embassy of

the United States of America

Office of

the Legal Attache

US Consulate

Sydney NSW 2000

Tel.

File No. 31E-MM-108062

14 March 2011

Coordinator

International Network Coordination and Support Team (INCS)

Serious &amp; Organised Crime

Australian Federal Police

Canberra, ACT Australia

Via email:

Re:

Interview of U.S. Citizen

Dear Mr.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation Miami Field Office (FBI Miami) is assisting the Palm Beach Police Department in Florida with an ongoing investigation into JEFFREY EPSTEIN, a US citizen.. Along with associates, EPSTEIN is believed to have manipulated underage girls from local high schools to perform massages and sexual acts at his residence. The victims were usually recruited by other underage females and after performing various acts were paid sums of money in the $200-$1000. Investigation in Miami identified a victim named married name born is a U.S. citizen and the victim of a sex crime; she is not considered a subject, nor is she facing charges in the investigation described below.

EFTA00005711

FBI Miami believes [redacted] was working at a local resort when she was approached to meet EPSTEIN at his residence. [redacted] agreed and soon began traveling with EPSTEIN to various locations outside the state of Florida. Several witness have corroborated [redacted] travel with EPSTEIN. FBI Miami also has evidence EPSTEIN paid [redacted] and provided her an apartment in exchange for sex. In addition to the accounts of travel, FBI Miami has obtained a witness statement from one of EPSTEIN's victims. This victim, who was 14 at the time of the incident, observed EPSTEIN have sexual intercourse with [redacted] who was 17 at the time. EPSTEIN later indicated to this victim that [redacted] was in [redacted] and had started a family of her own.

In 2008, FBI Miami conducted investigation which determined [redacted] was residing in Australia. Accordingly, FBI Miami coordinated with the FBI Legal Attache Office in Canberra for a letter to be delivered to [redacted] notifying her she was a victim of a crime. [redacted] is believed by FBI Miami to currently reside at [redacted], Glenning Valley, New South Wales 2261, telephone [redacted], email [redacted].

On 03/04/2011, [redacted] contacted the United States Attorney's Office (USAO) in West Palm Beach, Florida and expressed her willingness to speak further with investigators about her activities with EPSTEIN. In further conversations with the USAO, [redacted] indicated EPSTEIN had instructed her to have sex with numerous associates in the both the United States and overseas. [redacted] identified several subjects by name and indicated she had records to support her allegations. [redacted] further advised she could identify several other women that were underage and had engaged in sexual situations with EPSTEIN. Finally, [redacted] agreed to meet FBI personnel to the U.S. Consulate in Sydney, Australia on Thursday, 17 March 2011, to be interviewed in detail and to provide copies of the records she possesses regarding the above investigation.

REQUEST OF AFP

EFTA00005712

The AFP is respectfully notified that FBI Miami intends to fly two agents familiar with the details of the above investigation to Sydney, Australia. These agents will meet at the U.S. Consulate in Sydney, Australia to conduct an in-depth interview on Thursday, 17 March 2011 regarding the investigation described above. FBI personnel may contact via her mobile telephone number or for final coordination of the interview. FBI personnel will not otherwise conduct operational activity in this investigation.

Please refer to the above captioned Legal Attache file number when contacting this office regarding this matter. Inquiries and/or responses should be directed to Assistant Legal Attache, office telephone number, mobile telephone number, or e-mail address. It is requested that written responses be sent via e-mail. As always your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

Legal Attache

By:

Assistant Legal Attache

EFTA00005713