EFTA00005714

Precedence: ROUTINE

Date: 03/22/2011

To: Criminal Investigative
Attn: Violent Crime Section
CAC Unit
International Operations
Attn: Asia Unit
Miami
Attn: Squad PB-2

From: Canberra
Sydney Sub Office
Contact:

Approved By:

Drafted By:

Case ID #: 31E-MM-108062 (Pending)

Title: JEFFREY EPSTEIN;
GHISLAINE MAXWELL;
WSTA - CHILD PROSTITUTION

Synopsis: To document liaison and investigation in Australia and to cover lead set in referenced serial.

Reference: 31E-MM-108062 Serial 235

Details: On 03/12/2011 in referenced serial, Miami provided an overview of captioned matter and advised (PROTECT IDENTITY), a victim of captioned subjects, currently resides in Australia. On 03/04/2011, [redacted] had contacted the United States Attorney's Office in West Palm Beach, Florida to express willingness to provide information pertinent to captioned matter.

An interview of [redacted] was subsequently arranged to occur at the U.S. Consulate in Sydney, Australia. Miami conducted coordination for [redacted] and [redacted] to travel to Sydney to conduct the interview of [redacted]. Miami set a lead in referenced serial for Canberra

to facilitate the interview of [redacted] in Australia.

On 03/14/2011, Canberra developed a letter to the Australian Federal Police (AFP) advising of an FBI interview of [redacted] to take place at the U.S. Consulate in Sydney, Australia on 03/17/2011. The writer contacted [redacted], Coordinator, AFP International Network Coordination and Support Team, via telephone and confirmed AFP awareness and concurrence for this interview.

On 03/16/2011, Sydney Sub-Office personnel briefed [redacted] and [redacted] on logistical arrangements made for the interview of [redacted]. On 03/17/2011, [redacted] and [redacted] conducted the interview of [redacted] at the U.S. Consulate, Sydney. Following the interview, [redacted] advised the writer [redacted] had photos at her residence which could be pertinent to captioned matter. [redacted] was willing to be further interviewed at her residence and provide the photos.

On 03/17/2011, the writer telephonically contacted [redacted] regarding FBI agents conducting a further interview of [redacted] at her residence. [redacted] concurred with this course of action. The writer, [redacted] and [redacted] then traveled to [redacted] residence, [redacted], Glenning Valley, New South Wales, Australia, completed the additional interview and obtained the relevant photos.

Canberra considers covered the lead set in referenced serial.

LEAD(s):

Set Lead 1: (Info)

ALL RECEIVING OFFICES

Read and clear.

**

EFTA00005715