EFTA00005707

Precedence: ROUTINE
Date: 03/14/2011

To: Miami
Attn: Squad PB-2/Palm Beach County RA
SA
SSA

To: Canberra
Attn: LEGAT
ALAT

From: Criminal Investigative
Crimes Against Children Unit
Contact: SSA

Approved By:

Drafted By:

Case ID #: 31E-MM-108062 (Pending)

Title: JEFFREY EPSTEIN;
GHISLAINE MAXWELL;
WSTA - CHILD PROSTITUTION

Synopsis: To advise Miami Division of CACU concurrence of the travel request of two Miami Agents to travel to Sydney, Australia from 03/14/2011 to 03/21/2011 to interview United States Citizen,

Details: CACU concurs with Miami Divisions request for two Miami Agents to travel to Sydney, Australia from 03/14/2011 to 03/21/2011 to interview United States Citizen,

In addition, per email dated 03/14/2011, Criminal Investigative Division, Deputy Assistant Director, concurs with Miami Division's International travel request.

CACU advises Miami Division to conduct all appropriate Country Clearance requirements regarding official travel to Foreign Countries as set forth by the Office of International Operations (OIO) regarding International Travel requirements for FBI employees.

The following procedures are required to be completed by travelers prior to official FBI travel overseas:

STEPS 1 AND 2 SHOULD BE DONE SIMULTANEOUSLY AND EARLY COORDINATION WITH THE RESPECTIVE LEGAT IS STRONGLY ENCOURAGED.

1. An EC to the responsible Legat office indicating intended travel to its Area of Responsibility(AOR) with personnel information, the purpose of the proposed travel, and as much detail as possible. One EC is sufficient for multiple individuals traveling to the same AOR for the same purpose. In addition to the Legat office, leads should also be set to the region-specific operational unit in the Office of International Operations (OIO) for informational purposes (see Intranet FBI webpages for Legat AORs and OIO operational units), the Security Division to request passage of the travelers' clearances to the respective embassies, and to CIRG at SIOC for the purpose of requesting inclusion on the SIOC Foreign Travel Report.

2. Completion and submission of an electronic Country Clearance (eCC) request through the Department of State (DoS) internet: https://ecc.state.gov. Step by step instructions on how to complete the eCC can be found on the OIO website: http://oio.fbinet.fbi/Deployments/. Multiple travelers can be included in the same eCC request as long they have the same itineraries. The travelers are responsible for completing and submitting their eCC requests via the internet.

3. Completion and submission of the Clearance Passage Worksheet to the Clearance Passage, Contractor, and Law Enforcement Reinvestigations Unit (CPCLERU). The Clearance Passage Worksheet can be found at: http://secd.fbinet.fbi/iss/cpcleru/items_clearance.htm. One worksheet can be filled out for a maximum of ten people and can be submitted electronically. This procedure is required to forward your clearance to the respective embassy.

It should be noted that providing sufficient and relevant information in the EC will provide the Legat office a thorough understanding of the proposed travel should any questions arise from the Embassy. The granting of the Country Clearance is ultimately the responsibility of the Chief of Mission at that embassy and the Country Clearance approval will be coordinated by the Legat office.

When submitting the eCC, all information should be unclassified. Thus, specific details regarding the specific purpose of travel, the operational assistance or activity to be conducted, etc., should be included only in the secure/classified environment of the FBI EC.

EFTA00005708

IF THE PURPOSE OF YOUR TRAVEL IS SENSITIVE IN NATURE AND SUBMITTING ANY INFORMATION VIA THE PUBLIC DOMAIN COULD COMPROMISE YOUR REASON FOR TRAVEL, CONTACT THE LEGAT OFFICE IMMEDIATELY TO MAKE THE APPROPRIATE ARRANGEMENTS TO OBTAIN COUNTRY CLEARANCE.

Both the EC and the eCC are required to ensure all parties involved in the granting of country clearances and the coordination/assistance of the travelers' activities in-country are fully coordinated and approved prior to the travel.

LEAD(s):

EFTA00005709

Set Lead 1: (Action)

MIAMI

AT MIAMI, FLORIDA

Conduct all appropriate Country Clearance requirements regarding official travel to Foreign Countries as highlighted in this communication. CID/CACU concurs with travel.

Set Lead 2: (Information)

CANBERRA

AT CANBERRA, AUSTRALIA

Read and Clear.

**

EFTA00005710