# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

IN RE GRAND JURY SUBPOENAS
DUCE TECUM NUMBERS
OLY-63 and OLY-64
FGJ 07-103(WPB)

**SUPPLEMENTAL EX PARTE DECLARATION NUMBER ONE**
**IN SUPPORT OF UNITED STATES’ RESPONSE**
**TO MOTION TO QUASH SUBPOENAS**

# FILED UNDER SEAL

EFTA00007087

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

IN RE GRAND JURY SUBPOENAS
DUCE TECUM NUMBERS
OLY-63 and OLY-64
_________________________/

FGJ 07-103(WPB)
**UNDER SEAL**

# SUPPLEMENTAL EX PARTE DECLARATION NUMBER ONE
## IN SUPPORT OF UNITED STATES’ RESPONSE
## TO MOTION TO QUASH SUBPOENAS

I, [REDACTED], state that the following is true and correct to the best of my information and belief:

1. I am currently employed as a Special Agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”) and have been so employed for the past ten years. I am assigned to the Miami Division, Palm Beach County Resident Agency, and for the past three years, I have been assigned to investigate mostly child exploitation cases. As explained in my earlier declaration, I am the case agent assigned to the investigation of Jeffrey Epstein’s solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution and his lewd and lascivious conduct with minors.

2. After filing the Declaration in Support of the United States’ Response to the Motion to Quash Subpoenas, I located and interviewed another girl, [REDACTED], who was recruited to engage in prostitution with Jeffrey Epstein.

3. In 2001, [REDACTED] age 14, was recruited by another female, “☐”, to provide

EFTA00007088

Epstein with a personal massage. The first time that "brought" to Epstein's home at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, "and Epstein" in front of ". " was seventeen years old at the time. "s" first contact with Epstein, at the age of 15, was for the purpose of providing him with personal massages.

4. estimates that she returned to Epstein's home approximately 100 times between 2001 and 2003. Epstein in presence during all but three of the massages she provided. During additional visits, Epstein tried to engage in more and more sexual behavior. On one occasion, Epstein introduced an unidentified female who At the end of each massage, was paid $200 to $400 by Epstein.

5. On one occasion, when was approximately 16 years old, Epstein's assistant, telephoned and told her that Epstein wanted to photograph her. traveled to Epstein's Palm Beach home where took a series of nude photographs of posing at several locations on Epstein's property. was paid $500 for posing nude for the photographs. reported that used a digital camera to take the nude photographs.

6. This information further leads me to the believe that the computers that are the subject of the grand jury subpoena are likely to contain evidence of Jeffrey Epstein's solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution and may contain child pornography.

Παγε 2 οφ 4
EFTA00007089

I declare under penalty of perjury, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, that the foregoing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Executed this ______ day of August, 2007.

Special Agent
Federal Bureau of Investigation

EFT A00007090