EFTA00021717

From: " _______________ "
To: " _______________ "
Cc: ______________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________

Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11
Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 16:23:23 +0000

Ok see you in a few.

&gt; On Jan 11, 2021, at 11:13, _______________ wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Hi _______________,
&gt;
&gt; Yes, I will meet you outside 1SA at 11:30 today. If anything comes up, please feel free to give me a call at _______________. Thank you!
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt;
&gt; From: _______________
&gt; Sent: Monday, January 11, 2021 10:47 AM
&gt; To: _______________
&gt; Cc: ______________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________________

&gt; Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11
&gt;
&gt; _______________,
&gt;
&gt; I will be picking up the drives today. Are you available to run out to me around 11:30?
&gt;
&gt; _______________ or _______________ ideally I’d be bringing the drives directly to you after pick up. Are you available around 12-1230?
&gt;
&gt; Feel free to call me at _______________
&gt;
&gt; _______________
&gt;
&gt; _______________
&gt;
&gt; On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48, _______________ wrote:
&gt;
&gt; It will be myself or _______________.
&gt;
&gt; Best,
&gt;
&gt; _______________
&gt;
&gt; &lt;____________1/8/2021 2:20
&gt;
&gt; PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

&gt;&gt; Good afternoon,

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my
&gt;&gt; office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've
&gt;&gt; cc'd Special Agent [redacted], who will be coordinating the delivery.
&gt;&gt; Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the
&gt;&gt; delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday?

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Thank you all very much for your help.

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Best,

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Assistant United States Attorney
&gt;&gt; Southern District of New York
&gt;&gt; 1 St. Andrew's Plaza
&gt;&gt; New York, NY 10007

&lt;mailto:

EFTA00021718