EFTA00020672

From: "Sahni, Anjan" &lt;---&gt;
To: " " " " " )" &lt;---&gt;
Cc: " " " " )" &lt;---&gt;, "Stoddart, Allison" &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Re: entities subpoenas
Date: Mon, 09 Sep 2019 13:15:03 +0000

Thanks. Speak with you soon.

On Sep 9, 2019, at 9:05 AM,  &lt;---&gt; wrote:

**EXTERNAL SENDER**

Sure, give us a call at 10:15. Talk with you then.

On Sep 9, 2019, at 09:00, Sahni, Anjan &lt;--- wrote:

Thanks . We can call you at the number below. If it's possible to do 10:15, that would be great.

Best,
Anjan

On Sep 6, 2019, at 7:24 PM,  &lt;---&gt; wrote:

**EXTERNAL SENDER**

That works for us. Please let us know if there's a number we should call you at, otherwise we'll be reachable then at

thanks,

From: Sahni, Anjan &lt;---&gt;
Sent: Friday, September 06, 2019 19:16
To:  &lt;---&gt;; &lt;---&gt;; &lt;---&gt;; &lt;---&gt;;; Stoddart, Allison &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Re: entities subpoenas
Thanks . 10am on Monday?

On Sep 6, 2019, at 2:34 PM,  &lt;---&gt; wrote:

**EXTERNAL SENDER**

Anjan,

We unfortunately have a meeting starting imminently that we expect may go a couple hours. We could do anytime before noon on Monday, though, if there's a time then that works for you?

thanks,

From: Sahni, Anjan
Sent: Friday, September 06, 2019 12:00
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: entities subpoenas

Many thanks, Would later this afternoon work for a call? Might 3pm or 4pm work?

Thanks,
Anjan

From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 4, 2019 7:47 PM
To: Sahni, Anjan
Cc:
Subject: RE: entities subpoenas

EXTERNAL SENDER

Anjan,

Very good to hear from you, and I apologize for the delay in replying to your voicemail from Friday – I was on trial last week so have spent the past couple days digging out from under piles of emails and voicemails. But we'd be happy to speak with you regarding the subpoenas to the entities in connection with the Epstein investigation. We had been in touch with Steve D'Allessandro, who was very helpful, but he also mentioned that they might bring in outside counsel.

If you let us know a couple times that would work for you tomorrow or Friday—and I'm copying my colleagues and , who are also working on the case—we'll get a quorum on our side and finalize a time. And please let us know if any other information would be useful in the interim.

thanks,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00020673