EFT A00023013

From:
[Redacted]

Subject: FW: Re: Suicide reconstruction report
Date: Tue, 08 Sep 2020 15:59:47 +0000

FYI

From:
Sent: Tuesday, September 8, 2020 11:54 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Re: Suicide reconstruction report

There is no specific time frame at the moment. I forwarded the request up my leadership chain on Friday. It is being processed through the various relevant parties. Once I have new information I will notify you.

Thanks,

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 9/8/2020 10:54 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Thank you for your reply. Can you please provide a time frame regarding further response/access to report. I just need to let AUSAs know that its in the works. Thank you,

From:
Sent: Tuesday, September 8, 2020 10:41 AM
To:
Subject: FW: Re: Suicide reconstruction report

Thanks for reaching out about this report. I have consulted with my leadership and we will reply. Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,

[Redacted]

EFTA00023013

(C)

&gt;&gt;&gt; 9/4/2020 1:15 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I am attempting to get a copy of Jeffrey Epstein’s final suicide reconstruction report for requesting AUSAs. Can you please assist me with this request. Thank you,

From:
Sent: Friday, September 4, 2020 1:10 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Re: Suicide reconstruction report

was the team leader for the suicide reconstruction. His number is , e-mail

&gt;&gt;&gt; 9/4/2020 1:06 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Can you please direct me to the appropriate POC at the Central Office regarding report? I am trying to run this down for the AUSAs – Thank you!

From:
Sent: Friday, September 4, 2020 12:25 PM
To:
Subject: Fwd: Re: Suicide reconstruction report

I do not have a copy. I am sure is somewhere in Central Office, but has not been issued out.

&gt;&gt;&gt; 9/3/2020 9:06 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Sirs,

Do you guys have an official/final suicide reconstruction report from the Epstein suicide? OIG has made a couple of requests and I wanted to provide them the report so they can appropriately reply to the AUSAs. I have never seen the

EFTA00023014

report and wasn't sure who maintained it because [redacted] does not have it either.

Since I am no longer at NYM, if you feel more comfortable replying to OIG directly (attached), I understand. I just want to ensure we are responsive to the request so as not to cause any issue with the ongoing legal proceedings.

Thanks for your help.

EFTA00023015