From: " _______________ "
To: " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ "

Subject: RE: Correction on _______________ and here is your other bomb
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 18:35:41 +0000
Importance: Normal
Embedded: Voice_Message_Attached_from _______________ - HOLDSCLAW_SUSAN.msg

Yep – voicemail with cell phone number attached (and email address below). Thanks.

From: _______________ "
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 14:34
To: _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ "

Subject: FW: Correction on _______________ and here is your other bomb

Do you guys have any other contact information for this person so we can reach out to her?

Special Agent
United States Attorney’s Office
Southern District of New York
_________________________
_________________________

From: _______________ "
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 1:21 PM
To: _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ "

Subject: Fwd: Correction on _______________ and here is your other bomb

See below

Begin forwarded message:

From: " _______________ "
Date: July 16, 2019 at 12:19:03 EDT
To: " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ "
Cc: " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________ " _______________

Subject: FW: Correction on _______________ and here is your other bomb

Hey _______________,

_________________________ and I have gotten a few emails from Ms. Harriman since the indictment (for example, the below)—would it be possible for someone to respond to her and ask that she contact the FBI tip line with any information she believes she has about the case? Or I’m also happy to politely do that, but wasn’t sure if it’d be a bad idea to respond directly.

EFTA00021407

thanks,

From: Susan Harriman &lt;&gt;

Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 12:06

To: &gt;&gt;

Subject: Correction on [redacted] and here is your other bomb

Mistake on [redacted], not on board with Ilian

See following email from Stifel

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 14, 2019, at 11:52 AM, Susan Harriman &lt;&gt; wrote:

1) Look at last page 17 of one of Epstein's Form 990 reports--see the concentration purchase and flip in TenCent and Western Digital?--More than half the proceeds are bet on these two companies:

http://990s.foundationcenter.org/990pf_pdf_archive/660/660789697/660789697_201712_990PF.pdf

2) On the AUDIT COMMITTEE of TenCent is accountant Iain Ferguson Bruce:

https://www.tencent.com/en-us/articles/13006381526480930.pdf

ard committees:- Audit Committee Corporate Governance Committee Investment Committee Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee Ma Huateng M C Lau Chi Ping Martin C Jacobus Petrus (Koos) Bekker M Charles St Leger Searle M C M M Li Dong Sheng M M Iain Ferguson Bruce M M M Ian Charles Stone M M

3) Now, let's see who else Iain knows? My, my! None other than [redacted] wife!!!

My, my, he's on the board of Blue Chip Fund with [redacted].

Blue Chip Growth Fund - SEC.gov

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/902259/.../bcg_811-07059.htm

1.

1.2, Elect Director Leslie A. Brun, Management, For, For. 1.3, Elect ... 3, Elect Director [redacted], Management, For, For. 4, Ratify Auditors ... 3a2, Reelect Iain Ferguson Bruce as Director, Management, For, For. 3b, Authorize Board ...

<sec-document>0001193125-15-308249.txt : 20150831 <sec ...

EFTA00021408</sec-mc

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/822977/.../0001193125-15-308249.txt

94 as Non-independent Director 6.3 Elect Lee, Jong-Fa with Shareholder No. ... Director For Against Management 3.1b Elect Iain Ferguson Bruce as Director ... For Management 1.4 Elect Director For For Management 2 ..

I do not have time to run Western Digital's traps, but this is more than enough for you to take a look.

EFTA00021409