EFTA00021692

From:
To: Bruce Barket
Cc:

Subject: RE: proposed schedule.
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2019 13:23:28 +0000

Those times work for us. Does the rest of the defense team have a preference?

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

From: Bruce Barket
Sent: Saturday, September 21, 2019 1:59 PM
To:

Subject: Re: proposed schedule.

I can make 12:00 1:00 or 4:00

Bruce Barket
Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco
666 Old Country road
Garden City, NY 11530

Barket Epstein.com

On Sep 21, 2019, at 9:33 AM [redacted] wrote:

We are free Thursday afternoon except from 2:45 - 4.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

On Sep 21, 2019, at 07:22. wrote:

Any day next week works for me. Also in my role as Learned Counsel, and in full compliance with the ABA Guidelines, I will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend.

Thanks

Tonyricco

---Original Message---

From

To: Bruce Barket

Sent: Fri, Sep 20, 2019 9:15 pm

Subject: Re: proposed schedule.

We are free next Friday afternoon if that works for you all.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

On Sep 20, 2019, at 12:16, Bruce Barket wrote:

I think we will be ready to propose a schedule sometime early next week. Is there a day and time when you can meet to discuss? We will send you a proposed briefing schedule ahead of the meeting. I hope to have ours finalized no later than Tuesday.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.

Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP

Garden City, NY 11530

www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00021693