EFT A00021640

From:
To:

Subject: RE:
Date: Fri, 19 Jul 2019 16:16:57 +0000

I'll add summaries for _______________ Sorry for the delay.

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 18, 2019 7:56 PM
To:
Subject: RE:

I added _______________ which I think is the only one for me – thanks for doing!

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 18, 2019 10:49
To:
Subject: RE: RE:

Guys, I filled in summaries for the interviews I attended. Would you please fill in the ones that you guys attended/know the details of, so we can send to _______________

Since Epstein’s arrest, our team has conducted the following interviews:

- _______________ was interviewed _______________. In 2001, when Ms _______________ was approximately 14 years old, another young woman, identity unknown (the “Woman”), befriended her outside her school _______________. After they became friends, the Woman invited her to Epstein’s house. In subsequent meetings, over approximately a year, Ms _______________ was enticed to provide nude messages, and was paid $300 in cash each time. In fall 2002, while Ms _______________ was massaging Epstein, he asked her to _______________, and intends to continue to cooperate with the investigation.
- _______________ was interviewed _______________. In 2002, when Ms _______________ was 14 years old, her friend recruited her to give Epstein a massage at his Palm Beach house, during which Epstein touched _______________. Ms _______________ recruited one other minor girl to give Epstein a massage. _______________.
- _______________ was interviewed _______________. In the early 2000s, when Ms _______________ was either 16 or 17 years old, her friend recruited her to give Epstein massages at his Palm Beach house. She provided him with at least two massages and was _______________ during both. During the first, Epstein _______________ The second involved _______________.
- _______________ was interviewed on _______________.
- _______________ was interviewed on _______________. In or around 2004, when Ms _______________ was in her early 20s, she met Epstein through _______________. Around December 2004, Epstein offered Ms. _______________ a job working as an assistant. Around early 2005, Ms. _______________ began working as an assistant for Epstein, and she remained his employee until early 2006. Her responsibilities included running errands and scheduling appointments. As a

result, Ms. [redacted] scheduled numerous massages for Epstein. According to Ms. [redacted], Epstein expected to have two massages every day: one in the morning and one in the afternoon. Ms. [redacted] and [redacted] were responsible for ensuring that these massages were confirmed when Epstein was in [redacted] and [redacted] was responsible for scheduling the massages in [redacted]. At some point, Epstein and Ms. [redacted] began having sexual encounters. Ms. [redacted] was very distressed when discussing these incidents and was not prepared to describe them in detail during our first meeting.

At least some of these encounters involved Ms. [redacted] providing Epstein with his massages when they were in the Virgin Islands. As a result, Ms. [redacted] was aware that his massages were sexual. Ms. [redacted] described how Epstein had two groups of girls who provided massages in his homes: one group was of professional masseuses who gave actual massages to Epstein's friends, and the second group consisted of young girls who were not professional masseuses and who only gave massages to Epstein. Ms. [redacted] recalled certain details that signaled that girls in this second group were minors. For example, she was asked to help find SAT prep courses for one girl, and she recalled girls mentioning school and their parents.

- [redacted] was interviewed on [redacted].
- [redacted] was interviewed on [redacted]. Ms. [redacted] knew and interacted with Epstein between in or around 2007 and in or around 2017. She first met Epstein through her [redacted] who had been previously introduced to Epstein by a mutual friend, in 2007 when she was 17 years old. Epstein specifically asked [redacted] her age and told her, in substance, that they could not interact until she turned 18. After her 18th birthday, Epstein began having [redacted] live him massages.
A short time later, Epstein took Ms. [redacted] on a trip to his private island in the Virgin Islands. During that trip, Epstein [redacted] was returning a massage. Between 2007 and 2009, Epstein had [redacted] with Ms. [redacted] in multiple occasions. Ms. [redacted] described the first few of these instances as [redacted]. When Epstein was serving his jail sentence, Ms. [redacted] visited him at his office on at least one occasions and engaged in sexual conduct with him. After Epstein completed his sentence, Ms. [redacted] did not have any other sexual encounters with him, but she continued to occasionally work for him by running errands or cleaning his house. In or around 2013, Epstein paid Ms. [redacted] $10,000. Ms. [redacted] ceased all communication with Epstein after the divorce in 2017.

In addition, numerous other potential victims and witnesses have contacted the team either directly or through their attorneys. We are continuing to schedule interviews.

From: [redacted]
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 9:21 PM
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]
Subject: Re: RE:

Does not need to be very detailed — if you could by Thursday, would be great.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 16, 2019, at 8:33 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Sure, by when do you need this? We don't have 302s back from the agent yet, and we didn't take a separate set of notes for ourselves, so if you need this quickly, we can't be particularly detailed.

EFTA00021641

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 8:20 PM

To: [Redacted]

Subject: [Redacted]

Sorry to ask, but can you guys put together brief (few sentence, maybe more for [redacted]) summaries of the interviews you did last week? In addition, can you provide any information on other victims who have reached out and we expect to interview soon? Putting together an overall summary for brass. Thank you!

EFTA00021642