EFTA00021763

From: _________________________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: New documents: ______ v. Maxwell (Doc# 1078, S.D.N.Y. 1:15-cv-07433-LAP)
Date: Wed, 29 Jul 2020 19:28:54 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Received, thank you.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: Sigrid McCawley
Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 2:35 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: New documents: ______ v. Maxwell (Doc# 1078, S.D.N.Y. 1:15-cv-07433-LAP)

I wanted to alert you that Maxwell’s counsel just filed the attached public filing in the ______ v. Maxwell case.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301

www.bsflip.com

From: ECFdocuments@pacerpro.com [mailto:ECFdocuments@pacerpro.com]
Sent: Wednesday July 29, 2020 2:07 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________

Subject: New documents: ______ v. Maxwell (Doc# 1078, S.D.N.Y. 1:15-cv-07433-LAP)

CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

EFT A00021764

v. Maxwell

Docket entry number: 1078

LETTER addressed to Judge Loretta A. Preska from Ty Gee dated July 29, 2020 re: Reconsideration of the Courts July 23 Ruling. Document filed by Ghislaine Maxwell. (Attachments: # (1) Exhibit A, # (2) Exhibit B, # (3) Exhibit C, # (4) Exhibit D, # (5) Exhibit E).(Gee, Ty) (Entered: 07/29/2020)

Date entered: 2020-07-29

VIEW CASE

https://agri.pacernro.com/cases/1833757

Sent from PacerPro, the fastest and most insightful way to access federal court records.

Questions? sales@pacernro.com or (415) 890-4958

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]