From: "Moyer, Thomas" &lt;&gt;
To: Andrew Stemmer &lt;&gt;
"Moyne, Parvin" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Deutsche Bank Production (SDNY)
Date: Fri, 19 Jul 2019 11:44:53 +0000

--Per Andrew's email, I can confirm that we are planning to submit a further production today. Parvin and I would also be happy to have a call to discuss next steps--please let us know if there are some times that would be convenient later today or on Monday.

Best,
Tom

Sent via Mobile Device
Original message
From: Andrew Stemmer
Date: 7/19/19 12:51 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Cc:
"Moyne, Parvin" &gt;, "Moyer, Thomas"
Subject: Re: Deutsche Bank Production (SDNY)

**EXTERNAL Email**

Thanks for reaching out. I am currently out of the country, but am flying back today. I've copied in Tom Moyer who has been primarily assisting us with this matter while Parvin has been out of the country. I believe we are preparing a subsequent production for SDNY to be produced shortly, but Tom will confirm and let you know about timing.

I understand that Epstein had an initial client advisor who is no longer with the bank, but there was coverage over the relationship after he left. Tom and Parvin should be able to give you info on this point and how we can coordinate an interview(s) as you describe, ASAP.

I will also be back later today/this evening if you would like to speak directly.

Best regards,
Andrew

On Jul 19, 2019, at 5:21 AM, &gt; wrote:

EFTA00021638

Andrew,

Following up on our discussions last week, we wanted to follow up on the status and expected timing of continued rolling productions in response to the subpoena in connection with Jeffrey Epstein. Could you please let us know?

Separately, I imagine—though of course please correct me if this is wrong—that for Mr. Epstein there was an individual or team responsible for managing the relationship. We would like to get a sense of his banking history generally, in terms of how he utilized his accounts, what types of financial activities he engaged in, etc., separate from just the documents themselves (which it sounds like will be extremely voluminous and include more than 60 separate accounts). Please let us know how we can best facilitate that kind of discussion with a knowledgeable person or persons?

thank you,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this communication is strictly forbidden.

Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and regulatory disclosures.

Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information contained in this communication should not be regarded as such.

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

EFTA00021639