Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS MADE FROM UNCLASSIFIED
DISTRIBUTION CENTER FOR INTERNAL RELEASE
800 W. 52nd St., San Francisco, CA 94101
(415) 568-0400

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Intake

Date: 08/11/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By:

Date/Time Received: 08/10/2020 11:20 PM EDT

# Details:

On 08/10/2020, at 08/10/2020 p.m. Eastern Time, an anonymous female caller (Anonymous), cellular telephone number [redacted], called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) Unit to report information related to Jeffrey Epstein.

Anonymous provided the following information:

Anonymous reported her father, [redacted], residing in Tarpon Springs, FL, an attorney, was a former recruiter for Epstein. Anonymous stated she and her five siblings were "sold" throughout their entire childhood and Anonymous stated she met Epstein when she was four years old, around the time Ghislaine was around. Anonymous was given mental health problems while growing up in order to make her appear less credible. Anonymous stated her father forced men to have sex with her beginning at the age of four or five. Anonymous reported she is now 28-years old and she cannot do it anymore.

While growing up, [redacted] assigned all of the siblings with "pimps." Anonymous stated her "pimp" was only a year older and they were expected to marry one another. Anonymous noted she is still with her "pimp" and they have a four year old child together. [redacted] is currently attempting to get full custody of Anonymous' child, but Anonymous fears he will be trafficked as well. Anonymous' child has already made reference to "I don't want grandpa to hurt my butt" and "I don't want monsters to come in my room."

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020479

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/11/2020

Anonymous reported her siblings would never come forward with the information and would never bring it up. Anonymous stated she is still "under the thumb" of an unknown man that sells her, and Anonymous receives no money for it. Anonymous often blacked-out as a child and stated some of her memories are unclear.

Anonymous is potentially willing to provide additional information in person. Anonymous noted she was the one to take the photograph of Prince Andrew and [redacted] in 2001. Anonymous formally went by the name [redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020480