Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR AND RELATIONS, UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, 1733 - 1978, 1979 - 1980, 1981 - 1982

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

## Intake

Date: 09/14/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By: [Redacted]

Date/Time Received: 09/14/2020 12:12 PM EDT

## Details:

On 09/14/2020, at 12:12 p.m. Eastern Time, [Redacted] date of birth, telephone number [Redacted], address refused, stated he deported himself to Canada, email address [Redacted], called the National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to provide information on the Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell case.

[Redacted] saw a Facebook post regarding Maxwell, which triggered a memory of him meeting Epstein and Maxwell. [Redacted] remembered vividly a night in 2008, when he and Epstein were at a strip club called SCORES, located on US 1 Federal Highway, between Oakland Park and Commercial. [Redacted] struck up a conversation with Epstein, in which Epstein kept repeating that he was a billionaire. Epstein told [Redacted] he came to the club often, that he lived in Palm Beach, and said he wanted a young girl, younger than 16 years. [Redacted] made a remark about that being disgusting and Epstein’s chauffeur showed up immediately, grabbed [Redacted] and told him to leave Epstein alone. [Redacted] threatened the chauffeur and pushed him away. [Redacted] then saw a female, who he later came to know was Ghislaine Maxwell, running toward Epstein. Maxwell asked Epstein if he told [Redacted] anything. The chauffeur said Epstein told [Redacted] everything. The chauffeur also told Epstein “I have something on you, remember what I buried!” Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him.

Later, [Redacted] overheard Maxwell tell Epstein she spoke to one of the girls who worked at the club. The worker told Maxwell she had a 15 year old friend from high school who is out on the street, and who needed help. Maxwell told Epstein they were going to pick her up when they left the club.

[Redacted] kept telling writer to talk to the chauffeur, he was a small

UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020506

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 09/14/2020

man, maybe 5 foot, with black hair. The Chauffeur knows information about something worse than what is on the surface. [redacted] also reported Epstein's height as 5'4-5'5.

UNCLASSIFIED

2

EFTA00020507