From:
To:

Subject: FW: US v. Gatto - Oath Inc. Motion to Intervene
Date: Fri, 02 Aug 2019 15:36:11 +0000
Attachments: Brown_v_Maxwell.doc

Sounds fine to me

From:
Sent: Friday, August 2, 2019 11:22 AM
To: ; Peng, Victoria
Haney Schachter, Michael
C.
Cc:
Subject: RE: US v. Gatto - Oath Inc. Motion to Intervene

Dear Counsel: Would you please let me know if you have any objection to my filing with the Court a copy of the attached decision of the Second Circuit in Brown v. Maxwell (July 3, 2019)? Thank you, and have a good weekend. Jon

Jonathan M. Albano
Morgan, Lewis &amp; Bockius LLP
One Federal Street | Boston, MA 02110-1726
Direct: | Main | Fax:
| www.morganlewis.com
Assistant: Kathleen A. Slowe

From:
Sent: Monday, July 22, 2019 5:17 PM
To: Albano, Jonathan M.
Haney Schachter, Michael
C.
Cc:
Subject: US v. Gatto - Oath Inc. Motion to Intervene

[EXTERNAL EMAIL]
Counsel,

Please find attached the Government's opposition to Oath Inc.'s motion to intervene for the limited purpose of obtaining materials. An unredacted version of this filing is being provided to the Court on an ex parte basis.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza

EFTA00022349

New York, NY 10007

^{}[]

DISCLAIMER

This e-mail message is intended only for the personal use of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client communication and as such privileged and confidential and/or it may include attorney work product. If you are not an intended recipient, you may not review, copy or distribute this message. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail and delete the original message.

EFTA00022350