From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: RE: Jeffrey EPSTEIN
Date: Thu, 25 Jul 2019 14:40:39 +0000

Gimme a call on this when you have a second, not urgent. Thanks

From: _________________________
Sent: Thursday, July 25, 2019 8:04 AM
To: _________________________
Cc: _________________________; _________________________
Subject: Re: Jeffrey EPSTEIN

Just spoke with __________. It sounds like the SHU Lieutenant who wrote the first report about the incident only mentioned redness on Epstein's neck without mentioning any sort of object around the neck. Two other officers who responded to the cell apparently wrote supplemental reports saying that Epstein had something around his neck when they saw him. __________ didn't have the reports in front of him when we spoke, so he couldn't be more specific. I've asked him to provide us with the reports as soon as possible.

On Jul 24, 2019, at 10:45 PM, _________________________ wrote:
Yes, if true, would be somewhat shocking that __________ didn't report (and more shocking that they took him off suicide watch). Please let us know what you find out.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 24, 2019, at 10:43 PM, _________________________ wrote:
FYI, just received the below. The noose is a new detail I had not heard. I've reached out to __________ to ask if he has any new information or reports.

Begin forwarded message:

From: "_________________________"
Date: July 24, 2019 at 9:35:05 PM EDT
To: "_________________________"
Subject: Jeffrey EPSTEIN

All,

Please be advised that we received the following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on this date:

Associate Warden (AW) __________ at MCC New York advised that Jeffrey EPSTEIN was found in his cell this morning at 0127 hours in a fetal position with a noose around his neck. EPSTEIN was escorted to medical and was assessed. EPSTEIN was initially placed on suicide watch and subsequently downgraded to suicide observation, where he currently remains. Additionally, AW __________ advised that EPSTEIN's cell mate reported threatened to kill him. No further information was provided.

EFTA00022641

The above incident is currently under investigation with the BOP.

Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal
Southern District of New York

EFTA00022642