EFTA00021979

From:

Subject: RE: joint letter

Date: Sun, 07 Nov 2021 19:40:28 +0000

Attachments: 2021-11-08_joint_letter_regarding_juror_questionnaires_(with_juror_s).docx; 2021.11.07_Defense_&amp;_Govt_Objection_Lists.xlsx

Hey ____ – the draft letter is attached, with all four categories filled in with the respective juror numbers. I’m also attaching the Excel sheet, containing defense and government objections, that contains all four lists in four different sheets. This Excel sheet is also saved on the shared in the jury selection folder.

If anything needs to be edited, I’ll be around for a bit longer today but I’m unavailable later this afternoon/evening, after 3:30pm today. __________ Cooper have kindly offered to handle any edits tonight when I’m offline, so I can loop them in if necessary.

Thanks so much!

From:

Subject: joint letter

Hi ____.

Thanks so much for all you’re doing today, really appreciate it. Attached is a draft of the joint letter for today with the four categories. Could you please fill those in after you’ve had a chance to enter all the data from the defense? I’m fine with charts in each of the four questions (essentially just one row of cells with juror numbers). Also fine with bullet points. Whichever is easiest.

Whenever you’re at point when you have a sense of the timeline for this, that would be helpful to know – we’ll need to send this to the defense with ample time to review for accuracy, so hoping to do that later this afternoon.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007