EFT A00023343

From: " " )" &lt;

To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;

Subject: RE: GM vs. Estate

Date: Wed, 18 Mar 2020 21:47:02 +0000

Got it – thanks very much. And hope you and yours are staying healthy in these unusual times.

best,

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2020 11:32

To: &lt;

Subject: FW: GM vs. Estate

Hello - I just received this from a reporter. It is an indemnification action filed in USVI by Maxwell. It contains statements that are directly contradictory to Maxwell's previous sworn depositions including that Epstein was not assisting in any of her legal bills and she didn't receive anything of value from him etc. and it also references correspondence that she never produced in that case and lists companies that she was apparently employed by.

I am still reviewing but I wanted to get it to you quickly. Looks like ABC is doing a story on it.

Sigrid McCawley

Partner

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

Fort Lauderdale, FL. 33301

(t)

(m)

www.bsflp.com

From: Hill, James E. [mailto: ]

Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2020 11:12 AM

To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;

Subject: GM vs. Estate

CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]