From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: FW: Epstein

Date: Thu, 25 Jul 2019 19:28:22 +0000

Attachments: EPphotos.pdf; ATT00001.htm; EP.staffmemos.pdf; ATT00002.htm

As discussed, these have not yet been reviewed by anyone. If you could have a walled off AUSA review and report back to me, I'd appreciate it. Thanks

From: &lt;

Sent: Thursday, July 25, 2019 3:24 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Fwd: Epstein

As discussed, I have not opened the attachments to the below email.

Begin forwarded message:

From: " &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Re: Epstein

Thank you. Attached please find the staff memos and photos that were taken. Please advise if you need to share this with Main Justice so that I can make appropriate notifications on BOP's end.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney

CLC New York

Metropolitan Correctional Center

New York, New York 10007

p: &lt;

&gt;&gt;&gt; "7/25/2019 2:08 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Thanks . Please consider this email my request for any and all documents and other materials, including photographs, related to the investigation regarding the incident involving Jeffrey Epstein earlier this week.

EFTA00020627

On Jul 25, 2019, at 1:49 PM, [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hi [redacted],

I left you a voicemail, but wanted to follow up via email as well.

Our Regional Office reminded me that we need a written request from your office to produce the documents you seek. It does not have to be a subpoena. An email from you requesting the investigation documentation will suffice.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007
p: [redacted]
f: [redacted]

EFTA00020628