Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
WASHINGTON, D.C.
UNCLASSIFIED
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Intake
Date: 10/13/2020
Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
Drafted By:
Date/Time Received: 10/13/2020 04:21 PM EDT

Details:
On 10/12/2020, at 3:14 p.m. Eastern Time, date of birth , cellular telephone number , email account , home address , Brownsboro, AL 35741, Internet Protocol (IP) address , which resolves to Huntsville, Alabama 35801, submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tips.fbi.gov, regarding possible evidence related to Jeffrey Epstein case in Brownsboro, AL.

Date Submitted: 10/12/2020 03:14:39 PM ET
Transaction Number: 71070050-AE2D-4C04-B0CB-2885FAE50B45

Threat To Life: False
Submitted Text:
I have an email from girl who was in Growing Together Inc. at same time was abducted and raped for 6 months by Jeffery Epstein. Other kids that were there at this time also telling same story in email. Also in email is lots of information as to who was abusing these kids and those abusers political connection.
Violation: Public Corruption, White Collar Crime, Civil Rights

Violation Questions
What was the exact crime that occurred?: children tortured in cults in America. Sexual assault, kidnapping, trafficking

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020509

UNCLASSIFIED
Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/13/2020

Does this information involve a government official? If so, what is their name and position/title?: Yes, John Scarola/City Attorney of Palm Beach County, Michael Egauger/Chief of Palm Beach Sheriff, Mark Foley/ was member of House of Rep. to many to list. FBI has names of the ones involved in Straight Inc. Investigation around 1983. This tip refers to Growing Together Inc. the Epstein

Do you have any evidence to support your claim or know of any witnesses to the crime(s)?: yes

Did you suffer any personal losses (financially or physically) due to the crime?: Yes, most children have suffered

How long has this activity been going on?: 40+ years

Complainant Information
First Name: [Redacted]
Middle Name:
Last Name: [Redacted]
Age:
DOB: [Redacted]
Additional Info:
Type: Cell
Phone: [Redacted]
Extension:
Account: [Redacted]
Type: Residential
Address: [Redacted]
City: Brownsboro
State: Alabama
Zip: 35741

UNCLASSIFIED
2
EFTA00020510

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/13/2020

Country: United States

Subject Information

First Name:

Middle Name:

Last Name:

Age:

DOB:

Additional Info: Your going to have to contact me. To much information

How is Contact Known: Benn told

Type: Other

Address:

City:

Zip:

Witness Information

First Name: [REDACTED]

Middle Name:

Last Name: [REDACTED]

Age: 15

DOB:

Additional Info: I have emails

How is Contact Known: Meet because of same abuse in different time frames but same abusive cults against kids

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020511

UNCLASSIFIED
Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/13/2020

Type: Cell
Phone: [redacted]
Extension:
Type: Other
Address:
City:
Zip:

Agency Name: detective in Atl. Ga, 2 Alabama Representatives, 1advocate of Human trafficking
Report Number:
Address:
City:
Zip:

Remote IP: [redacted]
Remote Host: api.fbi.gov
Http Referrer: https://tips.fbi.gov/
User Browser: [redacted]

Latitude: [redacted]
Longitude: [redacted]
Country: US
Region: Alabama

UNCLASSIFIED
4
EFTA00020512

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/13/2020

City: Huntsville
Postal Code: 35801
Timezone: -05:00

UNCLASSIFIED

5

EFTA00020513