EFTA00023040

From: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: " " " " " (USANYS)"
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Voice Message Attached from - WIRELESS CALLER
Date: Tue, 23 Nov 2021 18:20:17 +0000

Thanks!

Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York
Phone:

---Original Message---
From:  &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, November 23, 2021 1:20 PM
To:  (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;;  (USANYS)
Cc:  (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Voice Message Attached from - WIRELESS CALLER

Hi  ,

Thanks very much for flagging. Our protocol in this case has been to forward all tips to the FBI-- our case agents have been logging tips through a specific protocol. We'll pass this on.

Thanks,

---Original Message---
From:  (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, November 23, 2021 1:15 PM
To:  (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc:  (USANYS) &lt;&gt;;  (USANYS) &lt;&gt;;
Subject: FW: Voice Message Attached from - WIRELESS CALLER

Hi  ,  , and  - attached is a voice message from an individual claiming they have information about Ghislaine Maxwell and that they are a friend of George Soros.

,  - not sure if this is something you want to follow up on.  , if not can you send this individual the crime reporting materials? Her number is  .

She was transferred to my line from the tent CSOs.

---Original Message---
From:  &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, November 23, 2021 12:53 PM

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] <br/>
Subject: Voice Message Attached from [REDACTED] - WIRELESS CALLER

Time: Nov 23, 2021 12:53:29 PM

Click attachment to listen to Voice Message

EFTA00023041