From: " " )" &lt;

To: " " )" &lt;

Subject: Fwd: Attending the Upcoming Maxwell Trial

Date: Fri, 08 Oct 2021 20:49:10 +0000

Inline-Images: Outlook-NCVBA.png

Having some struggles with email on my phone still, but looks like I also forwarded his second email, in May. Those two that I sent along are the only communications I have from him.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " )" &lt;  /O=EXCHANGELABS/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=D0812B3F0D874F78AF13D43961863FE4-

Date: May 10, 2021 at 13:34:00 PDT

Subject: FW: Attending the Upcoming Maxwell Trial

Hey team, similar email as what I got from him on April 20, just FYI.

From: Robert Y. Lewis

Sent: Monday, May 10, 2021 16:27

To: " " )

Subject: Attending the Upcoming Maxwell Trial

Dear " " :

I represent " " one of the victims of Jeffrey Epstein and his lieutenant Ghislaine Maxwell.

" " would like to attend the upcoming trial of Ms. Maxwell. She will be coming from England, where she lives.

" " is not asking the government to pay for any travel expenses, but would like to be given priority (along with other victims of course) in getting into the trial as a spectator. Given the keen public interest in the case, she is afraid that without priority she will not be able to get into the courtroom. Would you let us know what your office is doing to ensure that victims like " " can attend the trial?

Thank you for all your hard work in bringing Ms. Maxwell to justice.

Robert Y. Lewis

The Marsh Law Firm PLLC

EFTA00022643

EFTA00022644

# THE NATIONAL CRIME VICTIM BAR ASSOCIATION

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this message and any attachment is confidential and may be subject to the attorney-client privilege, or otherwise protected from disclosure by applicable law. Any disclosure, distribution, copying, or use of the information contained in this message or any attachment by anyone other than the intended recipient, regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this message and any attachment is confidential and may be subject to the attorney-client privilege, or otherwise protected from disclosure by applicable law. Any disclosure, distribution, copying, or use of the information contained in this message or any attachment by anyone other than the intended recipient, regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.

IF YOU ARE NOT A CLIENT: This material is general information of an educational nature and is not legal advice. This communication does not establish or constitute the retention of Marsh Law Firm PLLC for the provision of legal services, unless explicitly so stated herein. Any attached items, including the content of this e-mail, are offered "as is" with no guarantee as to their accuracy, timeliness, or completeness.