From: " " )" &lt;

To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>, "Donnini, George B." <donnini@butzel.com>

Cc: " " )" &lt; , "

Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts

Date: Sun, 08 Mar 2020 19:04:25 +0000

Attachments: 2020-02-06_subpoena_to_Interlochen_(for_donor_records).pdf

Jeff and George,

Thank you both very much for your assistance in response to our subpoenas seeking records from Interlochen. In reviewing the documents you produced in response to the attached subpoena, a follow-up question arose. Would you please confirm that your production included all records of any tuition payments that Epstein (or his entities) made for any students at Interlochen?

Our team is also happy to discuss this inquiry over the phone if that would be useful. I am starting a trial tomorrow and will have limited availability this week, but my colleagues [redacted] and [redacted] (both cc'd) should be able to coordinate with you as needed.

Best,

Maurene

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

1 St. Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

212-637-2324

From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>

Sent: Thursday, February 6, 2020 2:46 PM

To: [redacted]

Cc: [redacted] &lt;, [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] &lt;

Subject: Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts

Maurene –

Receipt confirmed.

Thanks,

Jeff

Jeffrey L. Jocks

Sondee, Racine &amp; Doren, PLC

310 West Front Street, Suite 300

Traverse City, Michigan 49684

231-947-0400

EFTA00020844</jjocks@sondeeracine.com></donnini@butzel.com></jjocks@sondeeracine.com>

jjocks@sondeeracine.com

www.sondeeracine.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you.

From: " " " " &gt;

Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM

To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>

Cc: " " " " &gt;"

Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts

Jeff,

As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request confidential.

Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further.

Best,

Maurene

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

1 St. Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

212-637-2324

EFTA00020845</jjocks@sondeeracine.com>