From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Subpoena Contact
Date: Wed, 31 Jul 2019 21:56:29 +0000
Attachments: Epstein_Subpoena_Index.xlsx

Hi

Attached is an index listing the subpoenas we have sent out and an indication of whether we have received a response. I only marked an entry as non-responsive if we received nothing from the entity. For instance, if we received a letter stating a lack of records, that was still marked as yes. So for any entry labeled "No", we received nothing. If you have any records we are missing please send them over, and if we have any outstanding subpoenas the AUSAs are hoping you can check in with the entities.

Let me know if you have any questions, or if I can be of any help.

Thanks,
Andy

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 25, 2019 6:51 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena Contact

1030 works. My desk number is

On Jul 24, 2019 4:42 PM, "_____________________) [Contractor]" &lt;____________________&gt; wrote:

Hi

Does 10:30 work for you?

Thanks,
Andy

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 4:34 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena Contact

I will be in the office around 9 tomorrow morning. Let me know what time is good for you.

EFTA00021741

On Jul 24, 2019 1:15 PM, wrote:

H

Thanks again for helping with this project. By way of introduction, I've copied Andy Hamilton, a paralegal in our unit. If you could please connect with Andy to discuss this project, that would be great. I've spoken with him about what we're hoping to accomplish, so he can bring you up to speed, but if either of you have questions, please let us know.

Thanks--

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Plaza
New York, NY 10007

---Original Message---

From: &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 1:01 PM
To: &gt;
Cc: &gt;
Subject: Subpoena Contact

Hey,

I just wanted to let you know that our Intel Analyst Natalie Beck will be the point of contact for the subpoena info to coordinate with your paralegal. She is cc'd on this email.

Special Agent
FBI New York
VCAC/Human Trafficking
C:

EFTA00021742