EFTA00022181

From
To

Subject: FW: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- [redacted] opens
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:02:01 +0000

Good luck!!! Proud of you guys!!!

From:
Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:59 PM
To:
Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <usanys-criminalausas@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <usanys-criminalparalegals@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <usanys-investigators@usa.doj.gov>

Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- [redacted] opens

We (finally!) have our jury. Preliminary instructions are happening now, and we will open after lunch, around 1:45. Come support!

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 AM [redacted] wrote:

There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York.

It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable.

[redacted] will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow.

Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318
Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is also a conference room on the first floor (room 130) that has a very small monitor with a live feed just for our office.
Timing: we'll start at 8:30 a.m. with peremptory challenges, and we expect to go straight to preliminary instructions and opening statements. In order to get a seat, we'd recommend that you go over early.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

[redacted]</usanys-criminalparalegals@usa.doj.gov></usanys-criminalausas@usa.doj.gov>