From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt; &gt;
To: &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, Christian Everdell
Cc: &lt; &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, &gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Tue, 26 Oct 2021 00:33:03 +0000
Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-25_at_7.10.13_PM.png; Screen_Shot_2021-10-25_at_7.07.56_PM.png

Good evening -
During my in-person visit yesterday with Ms. Maxwell, the HEPA filters were not operating in the visiting room that I have been required
to use, even when more than one attorney is present. The officers told me to use the larger, corner room.
Previous requests to use this more ample corner room have been denied because the officers’ claim
the camera cannot be positioned. Yesterday, the officers simply and easily positioned the camera focused on the corner room.
I am requesting that future in-person visits be conducted in the larger corner room.
The previous reason for denying that request appears invalid.

Also, legal mail sent to the MDC has not been picked up by the facility. See tracking information below.
Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries.
Thank you-
Bobbi

Tracking Number: EJ699436435US
Scheduled Delivery by
THURSDAY
14 OCTOBER 2021
by 6:00pm
Status
Available for Pickup
October 15, 2021 at 7:55 am
BROOKLYN, NY 11232
Get Updates ☑

Tracking Number: EJ699436400US
Scheduled Delivery by
SATURDAY
16 OCTOBER 2021
by 6:00pm
Status
Available for Pickup
October 19, 2021 at 6:51 am
BROOKLYN, NY 11232
Get Updates ☑

Please note my new office address and preferred email address:

EFTA00023213

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00023214