From: " " " " "
To: " "
Cc: " " " " "

Subject: FW: Epstein Case
Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 19:05:05 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: 2019.08.28_Letter_to_OCME.pdf

Hi

As discussed, attached is the letter we submitted asking them to withhold certain documents. They came back today asking us to tell us what specific documents we want them to withhold, which I can do once I have the file. I'll keep you posted, thanks.

From: " (OCME) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 2:26 PM
To: " " " " "
Cc: " " " " "
Subject: RE: Epstein Case

I have now had the opportunity to discuss this request with both " and our Chief Information Officer, and I am renewing my request that you provide a list of the specific documents and other materials that you are requesting the OCME not disclose. Additionally, I would appreciate the opportunity to speak with you briefly concerning the document that you have requested that OCME destroy, and that OCME has deactivated in the manner that I described to you last week. Please let me know when would be convenient for you; thanks.

Office of Chief Medical Examiner
421 E. 26th Street
New York, NY 10016
Tel: "

The information contained in this e-mail communication may be confidential and/or legally privileged and is for the use of the intended recipient only. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, the dissemination, distribution or reproduction of this communication or its contents (including any attachments) is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or reply e-mail and permanently delete it and any copies from your system files.

From: " " " " "
Sent: Wednesday, August 28, 2019 10:28 AM
To: " (OCME) &lt; " "
Cc: " " " " "
Subject: Epstein Case

Hi Florence,

Per our discussion, please see attached.

We are also requesting that OCME destroy its copy of the draft interview report, dated August 12, 2019, relating to the FBI's interview of ".

EFTA00020445

Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00020446