Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF UNCLASSIFIED FLORIDA SHOES HARDWARE THAN THAT FORM USED IN REGARDING TRADE DEPT. INFORMATION ON INTELLIGENCE AND INVESTIGATION
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Intake
Date: 08/15/2020
Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
Drafted By:
Date/Time Received: 07/13/2020 08:02 PM EDT
Details:
Date Submitted: 07/12/2020 07:06:53 PM ET
Transaction Number: 07A23145-D0C9-43BC-902C-CC880D9B498D
Threat To Life: False
Submitted Text:
When I was 6-8 years old and living at in Surrey, UK, I was drugged at night and driven by my father, to pedophile ring "parties". The main house I was taken to is located behind Thorpe Green, at the end of a private road. Hurst Farm Livery Stables is next door. In the driveway of this house, I was hit by a dark blue car with a personalised license plate ending in ", driven by Prince Andrew. I was not taken to hospital, but I suffered permanent injuries to my ribs, hip and leg on my right side. The car's hood figurine broke off in my hand on impact and I later buried it near my home, so it could still be recoverable as evidence. After I was hit by the car, I woke up to Prince Andrew. In that house, I was also. I have medical records of the resulting infection. I once ran away from the house naked, and made it to the Irish Traveller community down the road (GPS: 51.405369, -0.546576). I remember seeing and speaking to a man, so I think that there may be Irish Travellers living in the area who could corroborate what goes on there. --- I was also taken to another house that I later recognised as Frogmore Cottage when its refurbishment was in the news in 2018. There, I was restrained on a table and tortured with electrical shocks by Ghislaine Maxwell and surrounded by watching men. I remember seeing Prince Andrew's face. I tried to sneak out. Maxwell caught me and beat me with the bristle end of a broom. She also threatened me, saying that I "deserved to die" and hit me in the face with the broom, breaking my nose. I was only taken to the hospital for the broken nose after a rugby match, so that the injury could be blamed on that.
UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020457

UNCLASSIFIED
Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/15/2020

Violation: Other

Violation Questions
What was the exact crime that occurred?: Human trafficking and sexual assault against minors
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 1994-1996
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): Frogmore Cottage, Windsor SL4 2JG, United Kingdom / Egham, TW20 8QL GPS Coordinates: 51.403800, -0.551690 / Palm Beach, Florida

Complainant Information
First Name: [Redacted]
Middle Name:
Last Name: [Redacted]
Age:
DOB: [Redacted]
Additional Info:
Type: Cell
Phone: [Redacted]
Extension: n/a
Account: [Redacted]
Type: Residential
Address: [Redacted]
City: [Redacted]
State: [Redacted]
Zip: [Redacted]

UNCLASSIFIED
2
EFTA00020458

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/15/2020

Country: United States

Subject Information

First Name: Ghislaine

Middle Name:

Last Name: Maxwell

Age: 58

DOB:

Additional Info: During this time frame, I also went on yearly vacations with my family to Florida, staying at my grandparent's house in Vero Beach. I remember on one occasion being driven by my father over an hour away to a mansion with a gated driveway and a large rectangular swimming pool. I was molested by a man that I later recognised as Epstein when he was in the news. He [redacted]. He took pornographic photographs of me in a skirt.

Around late 2012, I had not yet fully processed all these memories, but I reported my father to the police after seeing a text from G. Maxwell on his phone saying: "I have two children", and being triggered by it. I believe it's possible that my father may have been involved in procurement for the pedophile ring even then, because he made visits to several local schools and a disabled children's home (the White Lodge Centre). In the end, he was not arrested and the case was not investigated. As a result, he was able to destroy a lot of evidence, such as photographs. Releasing Ghislaine Maxwell on bail would lead to the same outcome.

I am willing to testify, and provide evidence and/or more detailed descriptions of events.

Other ring members -

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020459

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/15/2020

My father's best friend - [redacted]

My father's 'secret accountant' - he lives in the house between [redacted] and [redacted]. GPS Coordinates: [redacted]. I heard my rapist from Frogmore Cottage at his house during a "party" on a Saturday in the Summer of 2018.

How is Contact Known: I was a victim of human trafficking by her pedophile ring.

Type: Other

Address:

City:

Zip:

Witness Information

First Name: [redacted]

Middle Name:

Last Name: [redacted]

Age: 31

DOB:

Additional Info: I also remember another victim being [redacted].

She is a year younger than me, so she may have been as young as 5 years-old at the time. Afterwards, she was taken out of an affluent private primary school and sent to the worst school in the area, [redacted]. That was where I first recognised her, even though we had supposedly never met. She was put in a class two years ahead, and then went to the same Secondary School as me [redacted] - [redacted] a year before I did. We have never once spoken.

How is Contact Known: [redacted] is the daughter of [redacted] and my childhood friend. I remember [redacted] was at some of the parties with me, and I remember us once hiding behind a drape together. However, we have never discussed it, so I don't know what she remembers.

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020460

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/15/2020

Type: Other

Address:

City:

Zip:

Remote IP: [redacted]

Remote Host: api.fbi.gov

Http Referrer: https://www.fbi.gov/tips

User Browser: [redacted]

Latitude: [redacted]

Longitude: - [redacted]

Country: US

Region: [redacted]

City: [redacted]

Postal Code: 91387

Timezone: -07:00

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020461