From: _______________ &gt;
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt; _______________ &gt;
Cc: _______________ &gt;, _______________ &gt;, _______________ &gt;
Subject: RE: Interviews - 10/22 and 10/23
Date: Tue, 15 Oct 2019 20:04:56 +0000

Hi Sigrid,

Thanks very much for helping us coordinate these meetings.

Meeting with _______________ from 2pm to 4pm will work for us, thank you. We'll plan to meet with her at our office (1 St. Andrews Plaza) on 10/22 at 2pm.

Unfortunately, our schedules are a bit tight from 4pm to 6pm on 10/22 and for most of the day on 10/23. Would _______________ and/or _______________ be available on 10/22 before 2pm, on 10/22 after 6pm, or on 10/23 after 5pm?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt; _______________ &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, October 15, 2019 10:34 AM
To: _______________ &gt;
Cc: _______________ &gt;, _______________ &gt;, _______________ &gt;
Subject: RE: Interviews - 10/22 and 10/23

Hello _______________ – sorry for the delay but I have been trying to get a handle on who is coming for the meeting etc.

_______________ is a victim that I think will be helpful to your continuing investigation. She is working hard with your victims' coordinator to see if she can get here for the meeting. If she gets her passport/visa clearance and gets to the US then we could do an interview on the afternoon of Tuesday October 22nd starting at 2:00 if that works. I think she will probably take a bit longer because she was brought to the US by Epstein a number of times so maybe a lot 2 hours for the interview (from 2-4).

EFTA00021307

is going to be attending the meeting and she said she could interview with you right after the meeting. I believe the notice says the meeting starts at 10:00 on October 23rd so maybe we plan to meet you at 12:00 depending on the length of the victims' meeting.

also wanted to come to the meeting. I know you met with her for a short while. If you would like to meet with her for a more detailed interview we could do that on the afternoon of October 22nd from 4 – 6 if that works.

is She would like to try to attend via skype or some kind of conference line. I know you interviewed her sister . If you would like to also interview I can set something up.

Let me know if that works.

Best,

Sigrid

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
www.bsflip.com

From: [mailto:]
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 3:39 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt; &gt;
Cc: &gt;:
Subject: Interviews - 10/22 and 10/23

Hi Sigrid,

Hope you're doing well. mentioned that some of your clients might be interested in being interviewed while they are in New York on 10/22 and 10/23. We'd be happy to get times on the calendar. Would you please let us know who would be available for interviews and what dates and times work for each client?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this

EFTA00021308

electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00021309