From: " " )
To: "Miller, Michael" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " , "Martin G. Weinberg" &lt; " " , " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2019 01:18:22 +0000

Mike,

Regarding the conference tomorrow, we don't currently expect to make any arguments based on new facts, but we will respond to any questions from the Court as appropriate.

We will make best efforts to bring the passport, if we're able to do so and if chain custody can be maintained. In any event, you are free to schedule a time with us to review the passport and any other physical evidence that has been collected.

From: Miller, Michael &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 7:08 PM
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted] &gt;; [redacted]; Scavelli, Michael
&lt; &gt;; [redacted]; Weingarten, Reid &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Thank you, [redacted]. Much appreciated.

Quick question – are there any facts or arguments that you envision making tomorrow that are not contained in your written submissions?

Mike

Michael C. Miller
Partner
[redacted]

# Steptoe

Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
1114 Avenue of the Americas | New York, NY 10036
www.steptoe.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message.

From: [redacted] &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 7:02 PM
To: Miller, Michael &lt; &gt;
Cc: [redacted]

EFTA00021571

; Martin G. Weinberg

Scavelli, Michael ; Weingarten, Reid

&lt;

Subject: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Mike,

The photographs you requested are attached. My understanding is that pages 6 and 7 were blank, and were not photographed.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00021572