EFTA00022540

From: " " " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
To: " " " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, " " " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Palm Beach Sherriff's Office
Date: Fri, 26 Jul 2019 19:52:57 +0000

Thanks—and I should clarify, we’ve been in touch with the Palm Beach Police Department (who handled the first phase of the investigation) but not the Sheriff’s Office, who I think dealt with Epstein when he was serving his sentence.

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 3:50 PM
To: &lt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;
Subject: RE: Palm Beach Sheriff's Office

Sure

From: &lt;
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 3:49 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;
Subject: RE: Palm Beach Sheriff's Office

Thanks—is 4:15 ok? I think [REDACTED] is on some calls right now.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 3:46 PM
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;
Subject: Re: Palm Beach Sheriff's Office

Okay, [REDACTED] is gone but I’m around. Would 4 work?

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 26, 2019, at 3:44 PM, [REDACTED] &lt; wrote:

Our agents made contact when we were down in Florida and got a general point of contact, but I’m not sure if they’ve followed up since then. If you and [REDACTED] are around in a bit, we can catch up with you about this, as well as today’s interview. We also spoke with the person at CART handling the devices, who gave us an update.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 3:42 PM
To: &lt;;

Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: Palm Beach Sherriff's Office

Have we made contact with them yet? I got a call about them just now – can update you whenever you have time.

Cc
Co-Chief, Public Corruption Unit
U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York
Tel: [REDACTED]

EFTA00022541