EFTA00022176

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: &lt; &gt;, " " )"
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL]
Date: Fri, 05 Nov 2021 21:46:50 +0000

Thanks . My inclination is to refer this through our civilian complaint reporting process, the same way our office process any civilian complaints about new criminal activity.

From:
Sent: Thursday, November 4, 2021 3:58 PM
To: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL]

I don't think you want to get involved with this but thought I would bring it to your attention.

From:
Sent: Thursday, November 4, 2021 10:23 AM
To:
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL]

No I am not. These people are engaged in criminal acts, either way I'm still a victim of multiple crimes, a rape survivor and I am alerting you to the fact that these people are hurting people. Why is the us attorney all of the sudden not interested in criminal activity? Either way I need some help here.

On Wed, Nov 3, 2021, 8:35 AM Olsen, Wendy (USANYS) wrote:
The United States Attorney's Office for Southern District of New York does not have anything to do with the compensation fund. All of that was done Civilly. Are you represented by a lawyer.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Nov 3, 2021, at 12:42 AM, wrote:
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Hi . I was almost annihilated by the Epstein victims compensation fund. I'm still in a state of acute rape trauma. I need to report what the fund is doing. I also have reason to believe a claim was processed in my name and the money was kept by the staff.
&gt;
&gt; Can you please help me report this. I think the vulnerable adults act covers this as I am disabled. Please let me know, thank you