From: "etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>
To: <etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>,
<etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>,
<etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>

Subject: Travel Authorization 11063042 approved by [redacted], now awaiting further approval

Date: Thu, 13 Feb 2020 22:24:32 +0000

Importance: Normal

Dear [redacted]

Travel authorization 11063042 has been approved by [redacted], now awaiting further approval.

Trip ID: 11063042

Traveler name: [redacted]

Purpose: R20NYS13403 - Epstein Investigation - Witness interview

Destination: Pensacola, FL, United States

Dates: 2020-02-19 - 2020-02-20

Current status: Pending Authorization Approval

E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):

https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html

E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):

https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# T0007

This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.

EFTA00023262</etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com></etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>