EffA00023458

From:
To: , BOBBI C STERNHEIM
Ce: Christian Everdell &lt;
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 16:38:40 +0000

There was mail picked up today.

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;10/29/2021 11:50 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists
the following 4 items of legal mail
"Available for Pickup" and does not indicate that MDC has retrieved or
received them.
Ms. Maxwell has not received legal mail in more than a week.
Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end.
Failure to response today will result in the filing of an order to show
cause requiring your presence in Court.

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10007

This message and any attached documents contain information from the
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or
privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy,
distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the
sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank
you.

&gt; Isabel Maxwell, Paralegal, Leah Saffian, Inc.
&gt; LAW OFFICES OF LEAH SAFFIAN; LEAH SAFFIAN BA JD LLM
LOS ANGELES, CA 90025, USA

&gt; NOTICE: The information transmitted by this email is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed. This email may contain proprietary, business-confidential and/or legally privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, be aware that any use, review, retransmission, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender Isabel Maxwell at Tel__________ and delete the material from all computers.

EFTA00023459