EFTA00022958

From: _________________________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________

Subject: FW: New documents: __________ v. Maxwell (Doc# -, 2d Cir. 20-02413)
Date: Thu, 30 Jul 2020 21:13:15 +0000
Attachments: 2020-07-30__-].zip
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

---

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;_________________________________________________________&gt;
Sent: Thursday, July 30, 2020 4:42 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________ &gt;; _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: Peter Skinner &lt;_________________________________________________________&gt;
Subject: FW: New documents: __________ v. Maxwell (Doc# -, 2d Cir. 20-02413)

Please see the attached Motion to Stay filed with the Second Circuit by Maxwell’s counsel today. I will be responding to this by tomorrow.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL. 33301

www.bsflp.com

---

From: ECFdocuments@pacerpro.com [mailto:ECFdocuments@pacerpro.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 30, 2020 2:47 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;_________________________________________________________&gt;
Subject: New documents: __________ v. Maxwell (Doc# -, 2d Cir. 20-02413)

**CAUTION:** External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

EFTA00022959

v. Maxwell

Docket entry number:
MOTION, to stay, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 07/30/2020 by CM/ECF. [2896538] [20-2413]
Date entered: 2020-07-30

VIEW CASE
https://app.giassypicetone.com/13420037

Sent from PacerPro, the fastest and most insightful way to access federal court records.
Questions? sales@pacerpro.com or (415) 890-4958

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]