EFTA00020934

# Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel)

Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should be used. For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to court/GJ testimony. Note that witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony, court testimony, or preparation for same. NB: as to grand jury, this applies only in the relatively infrequent occasions where time in the grand jury has been scheduled and the witness is intended to testify. Any other witness travel for investigative interviews must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds (it is generally more common for investigators to travel to the witness). See 28 C.F.R. Part 21, Witness Fees; USAP 3-19.000, Fact Witnesses and Fees and Expenses of Witnesses (FEW) Appropriation; Guiding Principles for Obtaining Witness Services Under the Fees and Expenses of Witnesses Appropriation, http://dojnet.doj.gov/usao/eousa/ole/usabook/witn/index.htm

# To: SDNY Victim/Witness Unit

AUSA

United States v. Jeffrey Epstein

Court Docket Number: 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)  USAO No: 2018R01618

Witness Name:  Witness DOB:

(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must exactly match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the witness to fly)

Witness Address:

Witness Telephone Numbers (mobile):

Witness e-mail:

Needed to Appear in SDNY on August 1, 2019 at 1 p.m.

date  time

For: Trial ( )  Grand Jury ( )  Trial/GJ Prep (x)

Trial Date  Date

Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness?  (Yes/No) ☐ Yes

Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee?  (Yes/No) ☐ No

Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges?  (Yes/No) ☐ No

Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States?  (Yes/No) ☐ No

Is this Witness a Victim-Witness  (Yes/No) ☐ Yes

Hotel Required  (Yes/No) ☐ Yes

Est. Date of Arrival  Est. Date of Departure