SEARCH NUMBER: 19-J-9358

Dear Client:

THIS COMPANY certifies that it has conducted a search of the records in the office of the Clerk and Register of the County of NEW YORK, City of NEW YORK for Record Owner(s), Open Mortgages, Judgments, Federal Tax Liens, Lis Pendens, Mechanic Liens and Warrants. Search also includes, Covenants, Restrictions, Easements, if any, and Tax Search against the subject premises set forth below.

SUBJECT PREMISES: 9 East 71st Street, New York, New York

The following returns were found of the record:

DEED:
Birch Wathen School, Inc. Dated 09-06-89
-TO- Recorded 09-11-89
Nine East 71st Street Corporation Reel 1617 Page 2412
N.Y.S.T.T. Paid $52,800.00

DEED:
Nine East 71st Street Corporation Dated 12-23-11
(by Jeffrey E. Epstein, President)
Recorded 01-10-12
-TO-
CRFN: 2012000008342
Maple, Inc.
(Last Deed of Record)
No Consideration

(Continued)

EFTA00020929

2

OBJECTIONS TO TITLE: SEARCH #: 19-J-9358

1. Subject to any state of facts an accurate Survey may show.
2. Subject to any Tax Assessments, Water and Sewer charges, if any.
3. Subject to the Rights of Tenants or Persons in Possession, if any.
4. Unpaid Vault Charges, if any.
5. Subject to all Covenants and Restrictions, Reservations &amp; Easements of record, if any.
6. Lis Pendens filed 07-11-19, Index # 19CR490. (Image Not Available)
7. No Open Mortgages found of record.
8. No Open Judgments found of record.
9. Possible Unpaid N.Y.S. Franchise Taxes -VS- Maple, Inc.
10. Possible Unpaid N.Y.C. Corporate Taxes -VS- Maple, Inc.
11. Possible Unpaid N.Y.S. Franchise Taxes -VS- Nine East 71st Street Corporation
12. Possible Unpaid N.Y.C. Corporate Taxes -VS- Nine East 71st Street Corporation
13. Tax Search (See Herein)

(Continued)

EFTA00020930

3

No other returns were found of record.

Said subject premises are also known and designated on the NEW YORK County Tax Map as:

Block: 1386
Lot: 10

This Company's maximum liability hereunder is limited to the total fee paid for this search. No liability is assumed for items not indexed or miss indexed. This report is based upon information supplied by the applicant as to the location and identification of the premises, and no liability is assumed for any discrepancies resulting therefrom. This report is offered for information only and does not represent either a commitment to insure Title or an opinion as to the marketability of Title to the subject premises.

SEARCH CERTIFICATION DATE: AS OF 8AM 06-10-19

JADE DATA RESEARCH, INC.

EFTA00020931