From: Bruce Marshall <br/>
To: Callie Meier <br/>, " <br/>" <br/> <br/>Cc: " <br/>, " <br/> <br/>, Suzanne Pruitt <br/> <br/> (USANYS)"

Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Subpoena to AIC Title Part 1

Date: Mon, 11 Oct 2021 17:49:48 +0000

Attachments: 2021.09.30_Court_Subpoena_-_AIC_Title_Service.pdf; N722JE_-_Order_5685.pdf; N722JE_-_Order_44814_Part1.pdf

Inline-Images: image001.jpg

I am sending the response in multiple files due to size.

Best Regards,

Bruce Marshall
EVP &amp; General Counsel

AIC Title Service <br/>
Tel: <br/>
or <br/>
Fax: <br/>
www.aictitle.com

AIC
TITLE SERVICE

F in

From: Callie Meier <br/>
Sent: Friday, October 8, 2021 2:15 PM

To: <br/>
Cc: <br/>
or <br/>
Fax: <br/>
(USANYS)

Subject: RE: Subpoena to AIC Title

Hi

I have completed the requested subpoena for N722JE and sent it to our general counsel for review. I should hear back from him next week and will forward directly to you. Thank you and please contact me with any questions. Have a great weekend.

The FAA and AIC will be closed Monday, 11 September in honor of Indigenous Peoples' Day.

Callie Meier
Document Specialist

AIC Title Service <br/>
Tel: <br/>
or <br/>
Fax: <br/>
www.aictitle.com

AIC
TITLE SERVICE

F in

EFTA00022666

# Ask me about Title Insurance for your aircraft!

From: [Redacted] &lt;Redacted&gt;
Sent: Thursday, September 30, 2021 2:13 PM
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;; [Redacted] (USANYS) &lt;[Redacted]&gt;
Subject: Subpoena to AIC Title

Hi Callie,

Thank you again for the call this afternoon. Attached is the subpoena we discussed. Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions.

Thanks,

[Redacted]

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 Saint Andrews Plaza
New York, New York 10007

[Redacted]

EFTA00022667