From: Bruce Barket

To:

Cc:

Subject: Re: proposed schedule.

Date: Sat, 21 Sep 2019 17:58:44 +0000

I can make 12:00 1:00 or 4:00

Bruce Barket
Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco
666 Old Country road
Garden City, NY 11530

Barket Epstein.com

On Sep 21, 2019, at 9:33 AM. wrote:

We are free Thursday afternoon except from 2:45 - 4.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

On Sep 21, 2019, at 07:22. wrote:

Any day next week works for me. Also in my role as Learned Counsel, and in full compliance with the ABA Guidelines, I will be submitting a proposed schedule for penalty phase pleadings over the weekend.

Thanks

Tonyricco

---Original Message---

From:

To: Bruce Barket

Cc:

Sent: Fri, Sep 20, 2019 9:15 pm

Subject: Re: proposed schedule.

We are free next Friday afternoon if that works for you all.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

EFTA00021695

On Sep 20, 2019, at 12:16, Bruce Barket wrote:

I think we will be ready to propose a schedule sometime early next week. Is there a day and time when you can meet to discuss? We will send you a proposed briefing schedule ahead of the meeting. I hope to have ours finalized no later than Tuesday.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530
www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00021696