Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
WASHINGTON, D.C.
UNCLASSIFIED
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Intake
Date: 08/24/2020
Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
Drafted By:
Date/Time Received: 08/24/2020 04:31 PM EDT

## Details:

On 08/24/2020, at 4:31 p.m. Eastern Time, [redacted], date of birth [redacted], telephone number [redacted], home address [redacted], Lodi, CA 95242, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report he was raped by Jeffrey Epstein.

[redacted] provided the following information:

On 12/05/1993, [redacted] helped a man on Wilshire Blvd, in Beverly Hills, CA who had a flat tire. The man introduced himself as Jeffrey Epstein. Epstein offered to take [redacted] to his ranch in New Mexico that day and [redacted] agreed. [redacted] was taken to a private airport and flown to an air strip a couple of miles from Epstein’s ranch.

[redacted] was taken downstairs to the "strippers lounge." On his third Pepsi, [redacted] become unconscious. [redacted] woke to being [redacted].

[redacted] He saw three young boys also strapped down next to him. [redacted] believed the boys were about 17 years old. [redacted] and the boys had their [redacted] stated that he drifted in and out of consciousness during the incident.

UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020495

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/24/2020

While he was awake, [redacted] was able to see a deformed penis. As Epstein held him down with his right hand, Epstein left hand reach across him. [redacted] saw a red spot one-quarter of the way down Epstein's left arm. [redacted] woke up on the couch to two armed guards inside the room. He indicated that his clothing was wet, like he was put in the shower. He requested to return to California. The armed guards came with them on the return trip and [redacted] did not tell anyone about the incident.

[redacted] is attempting to hire a lawyer to file a civil suit against Epstein's estate. [redacted] did not remember the attorney's name; however, the attorney's telephone number is [redacted] and in the Los Angeles area.

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020496