Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DRAFT FROM JEFFREY, CHILD SEX
TRAFFICKING

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Intake

Date: 11/02/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX
TRAFFICKING

Drafted By:

Date/Time Received: 11/02/2020 05:58 AM EST

# Details:

On 11/02/2020 at 5:58 AM Eastern Time, [redacted], date of birth 03/05/1988, email address [redacted], international cellular telephone number + [redacted], residential address [redacted], Stavanger, Norway 04010, internet protocol (IP) address [redacted], which resolves to Stavanger, Rogaland, Norway, submitted an online tip at tips.fbi.gov regarding Human Trafficking involving Jeffrey Epstein.

Date Submitted: 11/02/2020 05:58:41 AM ET
Transaction Number: F1F04018-40CB-45CE-A08A-CC97021E3E10

Threat To Life: False

Submitted Text:

I have suffered massive humantrafficking. It started as a young child. I was sold to russia. I have been molested by lawyers, judges, royalties, politicians and presidents, policemen and others. I was sold to Jeffrey Epstein several times. My family and relatives recieved money for me. I have been molested and raped several years. They made porn of me. They made me a sexslave in every nation. They tried to kill my brain. The royalties in Norway, Gunnhild Stordalen, Petter Stordalen, Kjell Inge Røkke, [redacted], Jens Stoltenberg, Jonas Gahr Støre, Stian and others tried to put me into coma and they wanted to make me disabled. I was a billionaire and people stole this fortune and tried to disqualify me. There is no help to get, I need help. I have been involved with Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton.

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020520

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 11/02/2020

Violation: Human Trafficking

Violation Questions
Please provide details about the specific location where the victim is being held.: no specific location
How do you know the victim?: I am the victim.
Who has control of the victim's identification and travel documents?: victim

Complainant Information
First Name: [redacted]
Middle Name:
Last Name: [redacted]
Age:
DOB: [redacted]
Additional Info:
Type: Cell
Phone: + [redacted]
Extension: + [redacted]
Account: [redacted]
Type: Residential
Address: [redacted]
City: Stavanger
Zip: 04010
Country: Norway

Trafficker Information
First Name:
Middle Name:
Last Name:
Age:
DOB:
Additional Info: They sterilised me.
I once gave birth to a child and I wake up from coma because of the birth.
How is Contact Known: some of the traffickers are relatives and family

UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020521

# UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 11/02/2020

members, Odd Gunnar bjørstad. Jorunn Jaunsen.
Einar Ossletten, Ove Arnt Breen. Arnt Ossletten. Bjørn Ossletten. Roger Ossletten.
Rose Ossletten. Sigurd ossletten. Aud Ossletten.

Type: Other
Address:
City:
Zip:

Remote IP:
Remote Host: api.fbi.gov
Http Referrer: https://www.fbi.gov/tips
User Browser:
Latitude:
Longitude:
Country: NO
Region: Rogaland
City: Stavanger
Postal Code:
Timezone: 01:00

UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020522