From:
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena request
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2019 15:39:53 +0000

I received a copy of the autopsy report from . Thanks for the assistance.

From:
Sent: Friday, September 27, 2019 10:56 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena request

Have you reached out to ? We just needed to submit a request not a subpoena, and BOP did as well.

From:
Sent: Friday, September 27, 2019 10:54 AM
To:
Subject: Re: Subpoena request

OCME requires a subpoena which we would request from your office.

On Sep 27, 2019, at 10:44 AM, &gt; wrote:

Hi, unfortunately we can't provide it to you directly but if you request it from OCME they will be able to provide it to you. Let me know if you need a contact ( , their GC, is the right person - (OCME)

From:
Sent: Friday, September 27, 2019 9:28 AM
To:
Subject: Re: Subpoena request

Are you guys able to turn over the requested documents yet. I'm still waiting to close this case out.

On Aug 19, 2019, at 12:13 PM, wrote:

Hi

We are requesting that information today and will give it to you when we get it.

In the meantime, we had heard that the Marshals may have a form that Epstein may have/may not have signed noting he had suicidal tendencies, and this happened around 8/1. Do you know anything about this?

Give me a call with any questions, thanks.

From:
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 11:55 AM
To:
Subject: FW: Subpoena request

EFTA00021323

From:
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 11:48 AM
To:
Subject: FW: Subpoena request

AUSA [redacted] advised that I should reach out to you guys for the below:

We need to obtain a copy of the death certificate and autopsy report to close out Jeffrey Epstein’s case. Can I please get subpoenas for both?

Death Certificate:
- Office Of Vital Records
- Bureau of Vital Statistics
- New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene

Autopsy Report:
- New York City Office of Chief Medical Examiner

You can use my info for the return:

Thank you

Supervisory Deputy U.S. Marshal
Southern District of New York

EFTA00021324