EFT A00021003

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: RE: Additional inmates
Date: Mon, 16 Dec 2019 17:32:16 +0000

Sounds good. [REDACTED] and I have a call tomorrow at 4:30 with [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] for the Epstein probate matter, but I’ll send around an email rescheduling.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, December 16, 2019 12:27 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: Additional inmates

Totally agreed, let’s try to start interviews on the island at 10:30 (in the hopes they’ll start pulling them earlier) if that works for the agents. I can clear my calendar that day, I’m sure the chiefs will understand. We could try meeting late tomorrow afternoon with them if they prefer, maybe around 4:30.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 9:15 AM, [REDACTED] wrote:
Ok, great! So, Rikers on Weds? Think 12 is too late to start if we are trying to do three people? If so, I will find someone to cover my court appearance in the morning.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 12:06 PM, [REDACTED] wrote:
Hey—just sorted out scheduling. I’m coming back today, so we can keep [REDACTED] on the calendar for tomorrow.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 7:54 AM, [REDACTED] wrote:
Got it, good luck. We could also try moving [REDACTED] to Thursday afternoon — I doubt either of those people will take all day — and that way we could make Wednesday or Rikers day.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 10:50 AM, [REDACTED] wrote:
We may need to move the [REDACTED] interview to Weds (I just found out I may have to stay in LA an extra day, returning on the red eye Weds). Will know more in 2 or so hours.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 7:48 AM, [REDACTED] wrote:
Could you do Weds? We could move our afternoon team meeting, obviously.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, December 16, 2019 10:45 AM

EFTA00021004

To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Additional inmates

Has everyone been served at this point?

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 7:39 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Just checked; that's right, 12/20 is the GJ date for [redacted].

From:
Sent: Monday, December 16, 2019 10:37 AM
To: [redacted] &gt;: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]
Subject: Re: Additional inmates

Some GJs have a date of 12/20. I'm not at my desk, but I think [redacted] for sure.

On Dec 16, 2019 10:26 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Thanks, sounds good. I'm free on Friday if that works for everyone.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 16, 2019, at 7:23 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Good morning,

[redacted] is going to try and speak with the 3 additional inmates DOC ID identified this afternoon. He would like to be able to tell them a date we would interview them if they wanted to speak. When are you guys available?

Thank you,

Investigator
Department of Investigation
80 Maiden Lane
New York, NY 10038
Phone: [redacted]

Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail communication, and any attachments, contains confidential and privileged information for the exclusive use of the recipient(s) named above. If you are not an intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this communication in error and that any review, disclosure, dissemination, distribution or copying of it or its contents is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to this message and delete this communication from your computer. Thank you.