EFTA00020769

From: " " " " &lt;

To: "

Subject: RE: documents for Relativity

Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2019 19:50:37 +0000

Importance: Normal

Following up on the below, and for the same case – US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618) – could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity:

\\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Investigation\# 2018 SDNY investigation\Subpoena Returns\Boies Schiller\2019-04-18. Boies Schiller second subpoena response

In terms of structure, they can go under the “BSF returns” subfolder (under the folder “Subpoena Returns”) under a new subfolder identified as “BSF second production”. And under that, we’d like to keep the same folder structure as exists at the link. Does that work?

And I don’t believe there is DVD information (as in the “BSF first production” documents), but if there is, please let us know. Please also let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could let us know when it’s all uploaded?

thanks very much,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 11:16
To:

Subject: RE: documents for Relativity

Perfect, thanks very much.

From Sent: Thursday, March 28, 2019 09:02
To: &lt;

Subject: RE: documents for Relativity

Hello .

The documents would need to be converted to a different format. I will talk to someone about getting the documents converted to a different format.

Thank you.

From: [Redacted] <redacted> <redacted>

Sent: Wednesday, March 27, 2019 7:15 PM

To: [Redacted]

Subject: RE: documents for Relativity

That's no problem, we don't need those on Relativity. Separately, though will we be able to play those video files *not* on a DVD? That is, we only have them in electronic format (in the file folders) – I haven't tried to play them, so maybe it's just as easy as that, but wanted to check if we need to get them processed in some other fashion to be able to view independently of a DVD player.

thanks,

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Tuesday, March 26, 2019 09:32

To: [Redacted]

Cc: [Redacted]

Subject: RE: documents for Relativity

Good Morning [Redacted].

I have noticed that some of these documents contain data that appears to be from a DVD. A DVD contains a bunch of separate files to make everything play on a DVD, but it will not make sense to load DVD information into Relativity. The following should not be loaded to Relativity:

1. \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\UUUV4Q~3\IFS09L~P\AMUFM~3\S90B8H~H\B3KTU3~S\2MQV99~I\G6WHHA~F\7EJDCF~7\Interview H. R\VIDEO_TS
2. \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\UUUV4Q~3\IFS09L~P\AMUFM~3\S90B8H~H\B3KTU3~S\2MQV99~I\GWR892~P\60AFYC~X\Interview J. H\VIDEO_TS
3. \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\UUUV4Q~3\IFS09L~P\AMUFM~3\S90B8H~H\B3KTU3~S\2MQV99~I\GWR892~P\60AFYC~X\Interview S. V\VIDEO_TS
4. \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\UUUV4Q~3\IFS09L~P\AMUFM~3\S90B8H~H\B3KTU3~S\2MQV99~I\GYCEJB~B\53V7CE~B\Interview A. D\VIDEO_TS
5. \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\UUUV4Q~3\IFS09L~P\AMUFM~3\S90B8H~H\B3KTU3~S\2MQV99~I\GYCEJB~B\53V7CE~B\Interview A. T\VIDEO_TS
6. \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEostein-2018R01618\Investigation\# 2018 SDNY investigation\Subpoena Returns\Boies Schiller\2019-03-04, Boies Schiller first subpoena response\GJ SUBPOENA

EFTA00020770</redacted></redacted>

RESPONSE 004582 (State Disc 1)\2. Walkthrough Video

Please let me know if there are any questions.

Thank you.

From: [Redacted]  Sent: Monday, March 25, 2019 7:00 PM
To: [Redacted]  Cc: [Redacted]
Subject: RE: documents for Relativity

Could we please load the documents in the following folder into Relativity for US v. Epstein (USAO # 2018R01618):

\\Usa.doi.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Investigation\# 2018 SDNY investigation\Subpoena Returns\Boies Schiller\2019-03-04. Boies Schiller first subpoena response

In terms of structure, we'd like to create a folder identified as "Subpoena Returns" (at the same level as "FBI Case File" is currently), and in a subfolder within Subpoena Returns, a folder titled "BSF returns," and within that a subfolder identified as "BSF first production" that the docs in the above link can be deposited into (including any additional subfolders). Does that work?

Please let me know if any questions or if any other information would be helpful, and if you could please let us know when it's all uploaded?

thanks very much,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00020771