Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Intake
Date: 10/19/2020
Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
Drafted By:
Date/Time Received: 10/19/2020 12:11 PM EDT

## Details:

On 10/19/2020, at 11:43 AM Eastern Time, [redacted], date of birth of [redacted] cellular telephone number: [redacted] email address: [redacted] postal code: [redacted] called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report information about Howard Lutnick, CEO of [redacted], who could be connected to Jeffrey Epstein.

[redacted] provided the following information:

[redacted] was calling from the United Kingdom, but stated he worked in New York from 2015 to 2017 for [redacted]. [redacted] was a [redacted] who acted as an [redacted] after witnessing some financial irregularities. The CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald, Howard Lutnick, was Jeffrey Epstein's neighbor and he believes some of the suspicious financial activities could be related to Epstein's case. [redacted] says that BGC does a huge amount of charity work relating to 9/11 because Cantor Fitzgerald lost many employees that day, but he thinks the charity day is fraudulent. [redacted] has documentation he is willing to provide to the FBI to back these claims.

[redacted] claims that Cantor Fitzgerald [redacted] causing him to have a heart attack [redacted] and

UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020515

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/19/2020

seven subsequent hospitalizations. He has also submitted this documentation to the Internal Revenue Service.

UNCLASSIFIED

2

EFTA00020516