From:
To:
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Mon, 09 Mar 2020 21:15:59 +0000

☐ thanks very much – received and appreciated.

From:
Sent: Monday, March 09, 2020 15:52
To:
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein

Hi ☐

Here's something related to the Epstein case.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Monday, March 9, 2020 3:37 PM
To:
Subject: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein

Hi ☐ do you know who at SDNY to forward this correspondence to? Thanks.

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: March 9, 2020 at 3:00:06 PM EDT
To:
Cc:
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein

Good afternoon, Ms. ☐
Please see annexed for your information.
--
Very truly yours,

John Ray

Ray, Mitev &amp; Associates, LLP
New York Attorneys
"Killer Bees"

Manhattan:

EFTA00023339

New York, NY 10010

Long Island:

Miller Place, New York 11764

IRS Circular 230 Required Notice—IRS regulations require that we inform you that to the extent this communication contains any statement regarding federal taxes, that statement was not written or intended to be used, and it cannot be used, by any person (i) for the purpose of avoiding federal tax penalties that may be imposed on that person, or (ii) to promote, market or recommend to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein.

This communication is otherwise privileged and confidential as attorney-client communication and/or attorney work product and may not be used, reproduced, reformatted or in any way referred to without the prior written consent of Ray, Mitev &amp; Associates, under penalty of law. If you have received this message in error, or are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately and destroy this message, along with any and all copies of this message.

Service of legal papers/documents by e-mail is not authorized and will be treated as a nullity. To the extent that this communication may contain attorney advertising, same is not intended to form any attorney-client relationship or otherwise impart or convey any legal advice.

EFTA00023340