Epstein Accusations (from Press Reporting)

|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • Recruited by unidentified female brunette in her 20s outside of her high school in the fall of 2001, when she was 14.
• Joint visits with unidentified female for a month. Then solo trips to Epstein’s house.
• Regularly gave Epstein massages. Sometimes he masturbated. Manipulated into stripping down to her panties during the massages. Paid $300 each time.
• "He would also like when I would play with his nipples. He used to get turned on by that. And then he would finish himself off and then that would be the end of it."
• Over the next several months, visits followed a familiar routine. Epstein’s secretary would contact her by email, beeper or her family’s landline to set up a meeting, said. When she arrived, she’d be escorted to the elevator and head straight to the massage room. Once or twice a week for a year.
• In the fall of 2002, Epstein said "Why don’t we try something a little bit different?" she recalls him saying. "Why don’t you do the massage on top of me?" said she told him that she wanted to "stick to the normal routine," but she ultimately removed her underwear. He fondled her privates, she said. Then he "brought me up there and it was very aggressive, it was forceful," she said. said she was terrified and told him to stop. "He was like, 'It’s okay. You’re fine. You’re not doing anything wrong,'" added ., who said he did not use a condom. After it was over, said, she rushed out of the house angry and shaken. | New York | https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/new-jeffrey-epstein-accuser-he-raped-me-when-i-was-n1028011  |
|   | • Met Epstein in 1997 in Santa Monica, LA.
• Took her back to his hotel for a Victoria’s Secret tryout. There he groped her buttocks against her will, and told her to undress. | Los Angeles | https://www.rollingstone.com/culture/culture-news/jeffrey-epstein-
victorias-secret 864095/  |
|   | • Recruited by and in South Africa when she was 20.
• Within two weeks, arrived in New York. A car picked her up from the airport and brought her to an apartment building on 66th Street, where Epstein housed some of the other models who he was abusing. But was not there for long. Shortly after arriving at the apartment, another one of Epstein’s co-conspirators, called and told that | Cape Town, NYC, Paris, NM and USVI | Boies Schiller Lawsuit  |

EFTA00022133

EFTA00022134
|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • [Redacted] was going to the Caribbean. [Redacted] did not understand why she was traveling to the Caribbean so soon after arriving in New York City, but hoped it was for a modeling job.
• [Redacted] was taken on Epstein’s private plane. During the flight, Epstein began sexually touching [Redacted] leg. She felt trapped and terrified, and feared that she would be killed.
• They arrived at Epstein’s home in the Virgin Islands. Epstein’s abuse of [Redacted] there began when [Redacted] sent [Redacted] to Epstein’s room to massage him. For the rest of the trip, Epstein repeatedly raped [Redacted] by forcible compulsion. [Redacted] repeatedly sent [Redacted] to Epstein’s room, where he would touch her, use massage devices on her, force her to perform oral sex on him, and sexually force himself on her. [Redacted] also witnessed another young girl performing oral sex on Epstein in front of [Redacted] while they were watching a movie. Epstein’s abuse of [Redacted] lasted for years. Epstein forced her to travel to the United States many times to see Epstein and be subjected to repeated sexual abuse for one to two weeks at a time, sometimes staying in his New York apartment.
• [Redacted] was also forced to travel to Epstein’s home in Paris where she had to stay with Ghislaine Maxwell, one of Epstein’s main recruiters of young females, and where [Redacted] forced her to be photographed nude for Epstein. During that trip, [Redacted] witnessed that young females were on call to sexually pleasure Epstein.
• [Redacted] final trip to the United States was in 2004. She flew to see Epstein at his New Mexico ranch, called “Zorro Ranch.” Epstein abused [Redacted] at Zorro Ranch.
• Epstein attempted to keep in contact with [Redacted] through e-mail over the years. For example, in 2016, Epstein e-mailed [Redacted] to ask if she knew [Redacted], another woman who was a victim of Epstein’s sex trafficking scheme. In June 2019, only two months before his death, Epstein sent [Redacted] an e-mail asking her to send him nude photographs. |  |   |
|  [Redacted] | • Recruited by a woman named Rena in the fall of 2000
• Shown into a room with Alan Dershowitz and Epstein. Deshowitz left the room. Rena and Epstein took off their clothes.
• “sexually assaulted by both Rena and Epstein”
• “I remember thinking ‘I’ve never done this before, what’s going on, I just... don’t know’” | New York | Hearing Transcript
https://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article235247637.html  |

|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • 16 when she met Epstein in 2000
• Told her that he could make her a Victoria’s secret model.
• Epstein took off his robe and started pushing her head toward his groin, saying, “You know what to do. If you want me to help you then you have to help me,”
• When he was finished, he allegedly told her to come back sometime “with her 14-, 15- and 16-year-old girlfriends.” “I love girls your age,”
• “I love how young you are. You have a tight butt like a baby,” he’s quoted as saying.
• He also told her that “I would love for you to come with me to Thailand to pick up other girls your age” – and even “took preliminary steps” to take her there, the suit claims. | New York | https://nypost.com/2007/10/18/i-was-teen-prey-of-pervert-tycoon/  |
|   | • Recruited by Maxwell
• 21 when she met Epstein. Studying to be a massage therapist. Flown down to PB.
• told her Jeffrey wanted a massage. In massage room, he immediately stripped and asked a lot of questions.
• Flipped onto his back and asked if he could touch himself. I gave him the OK to touch himself because I didn’t know what else to say or do in that moment. And he finished and jumped off the table and got in the shower and said, OK, that’s all now; thank you. And I left the room, you know, with my head spinning, trying to figure out what the hell just happened.
• Raped a few months later after a handful of massage sessions.
• In USVI, Tugged her towards bed during massage, unbuttoning her shorts, pulling body onto his already naked body. She said “please stop”. He proceeded to rape her.
• “abuse would continue for the next three years”
• Raped 3-4 times total. | Recruitment in NYC, first meet in PB
First rape in USVI, | https://www.npr.org/2019/09/02/756823299
describes-coming-forward-as-epstein-accuser
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/how-british-teen-model-was-lured-jeffrey-epstein-s-web-n1056901
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/how-british-teen-model-was-lured-jeffrey-epstein-s-web-n1056901
Hearing transcript  |
|   | • 17 at the time (2002)
• Introduced in LA – Flew her to NM. During a massage, he fondled her genitals.
• “For the next two years, Epstein flew her around the world on his private jets and repeatedly raped and molested her at his homes in New York, Florida, the US Virgin Islands and Paris”
• Epstein raped her while she was sleeping at his Florida home in December 2002. He allegedly flew her out to Paris in 2003 shortly after her semester abroad ended and raped her again as she slept. | NYC, NM
PB, USVI,
Paris | https://nypost.com/2019/11/21/epstein-accuser-says-she-was-kicked-out-over-her-eating-disorder/
https://heavy.com/news/2019/11/  |

EFTA00022135

EFTA00022136
|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • “Virtually every few days, Epstein would bring to a different home of his, including his Manhattan townhouse and throughout the country, where he continued to sexually assault her on a frequent basis.”
• says Epstein arranged for her to live in an apartment at 301 E. 66th St. in 2004 — just blocks from his Manhattan mansion.
• Epstein tried to farm her out to other high-powered men |  |   |
|   | • Rubbed hand & leg in movie theatre in NYC
• Foot massages in NM with Maxwell, pointers on how to do it how Epstein likes it
• Another round of movie theatre petting/touching in NM
• Epstein climbs into bed with , spooning + touching
• Maxwell gives her a nude massage. Epstein does not participate, but “could feel his presence” | NYC & NM | NYT Daily + Article
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/26/us/epstein -sisters-maxwell.html  |
|   | • On bed with Epstein & Maxwell – asked to give foot massage
• Between the two of them – they both started groping breasts, commenting on her features, twisting her nipples
• Afraid of rape, ran away
• Nude photos missing | Ohio | NYT Daily + Article
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/08/26/us/epstein -sisters-maxwell.html  |
|   | • Met in London
• Was raped numerous times over the course of several years – not many details
• Grooming/Recruitment: “It wasn’t zero to 100 in one day. It was introduced piecemeal, along with constant emotional, financial reinforcement that this was the path, the only path” | Recruited in London, abused in USVI, NYC, Paris | https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/how-british-teen-model-was-lured-jeffrey-epstein-s-web-n1056901  |
|   | • Recruited by Maxwell from Mar-a-Lago in 2000
• Maxwell taught her how to give Epstein massages, oral sex, and sexual toys.
• She “had to have sex with Epstein many times”
• Forced to recruit other girls
• “In 2001, alleges that Epstein brought her to London, where she was introduced to Prince Andrew and went dancing at a nightclub with Epstein, his then-girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell and the prince.” Andrew ordered her a vodka and asked her to dance.
• Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell’s in London. Instructed by Maxwell to “do for Andrew what I do for Jeffrey”. “It didn’t last very long. The whole thing, procedure — it was disgusting,” Was in the | Recruitment at Mar-a-Lago. Sex with Epstein in NYC, PB, NM, and USVI.
Prince Andrew in London, NYC, and USVI | https://edition.cnn.com/2019/12/02/uk/prince-andrew panorama-intl-gbr/index.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLAzubOpOtg
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/she-was-shaking-court-filings-describe-system-jeffrey-epstein-allegedly-used-to-procure-girls/2019/08/09/83093f3e-babe-11e9-bad6-609f75bfd97f_story.html
https://nypost.com/2019/12/02/sex-with-prince-andrew-was-quick-and-disgusting- roberts Jeffrey-epstein-sex-slave-prince-andrew-vodka/
https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/08/new-details-in-unsealed-jeffrey-epstein-documents  |

|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | bathroom and bedroom. "He wasn't mean or anything," the now-36-year-old mom of three said of the prince. "He got up and said thanks and walked out. I sat there in bed and felt ashamed and dirty."
• Had sex with Prince Andrew 3 times.
• Epstein directed her to have sex with Glen Dubin
• also alleges Epstein and Maxwell told her to have sex with former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson; former Democratic Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell; the late MIT computer scientist Marvin Minsky; and MC2 model agency cofounder Jean Luc Brunel, as well as an unnamed "prince," "foreign president," and owner of "a French hotel chain." previously alleged she had been forced by Epstein and Maxwell to have sex with lawyer Alan Dershowitz and Britain's Prince Andrew.
• Had sex with Dershowitz at least 6 times, aged 16-19
• In 2007 Maxwell and Epstein (separately) called her to ask her to keep quiet. |  |   |
|   | • Recruited by in LA when she was 22.
• About two weeks after her initial interview with told that the couple wanted to fly her to New York for another interview. The couple bought her a ticket for a flight from California to New York City.
• Gave Maxwell a massage. Maxwell told her she'd be massaging Epstein. She then paid $100 for the massage and told her to give Epstein "whatever he wants" during his massage because Epstein "always gets what he wants."
• Epstein asked to sit down and began asking her personal questions. He eventually asked her to give him a foot massage. She agreed and placed his foot in her lap so that she could begin the massage. As began massaging Epstein's foot, he started pressing his foot against intimate parts of body. became uncomfortable, adjusted her position, and moved Epstein's foot up to keep it away from her body. But Epstein continued pushing his foot into her body.
• While still on the couch in Epstein's office, Epstein got close to , grabbed her chin with his hand, turned her face towards him, and said that he knew he could trust . Specifically, he said, "I know I can always trust a woman who shows her gums when she smiles." Epstein's actions terrified | NYC | Hearing transcript
Boies Schiller Lawsuit  |

EFTA00022137

|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • Epstein then got up to walk out of the room. was walking in front of Epstein when he abruptly grabbed her and proceeded to sexually assault her against her will. stopped walking and Epstein then forcefully grabbed her and sexually assaulted her again. was frozen with shock and fear. Once Epstein released her she continued walking towards the front door of the mansion.
• Just before stepped out the front door, Epstein grabbed her buttocks and said, “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” proceeded to leave Epstein’s mansion, and went back to the 66th Street apartment building. |  |   |
|   | • Met when she was 14
• Massages. Came out in a towel. Told her to undress to her underwear. Masturbated himself. Asked her to play with his nipples and he did the same.
• Paid $200 each time | Palm Beach | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jDPzW9COsU  |
|   | • 16 years old at the time, recruited by another high school girl to give Epstein a massage.
• During massage, he asked her to rub his back. Kept asking to go lower and lower. Kept talking to her about her sex life.
• Masturbated in front of her.
• Tried to put his finger in her underwear, and she jumped back. He continued feeling her genitals, but said “just on the outside” | Unclear | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5hjnvBOt4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jDPzW9COsU  |
|   | • Epstein raped her in 1993
• “He said, ‘If you tell anybody anything I’ll crush whatever career you might have,’ or something like that. He was just so mean so quickly.
• “It literally went from awkward to mean to rape so fast,” she told the UK paper.
• She recalled how he made her feel “embarrassed and ashamed and stupid” — and that he got “irritated, almost angry” when she told him she was 21.
• “He said something like, ‘You’re too, you’re too old. You’re getting too old for this. What are you doing?’” | NYC | https://nypost.com/2019/11/27/ex-model-accuses-jeffrey-epstein-of-1993-rape/  |
|   | • 22 at the time (2006)
• Recruited by an unidentified female.
• Went to the movies, then was invited to USVI. There was an orgy on the plane, but she did not participate.
• On the island, she was called in for massages. | USVI | https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2019/09/13/prosecutors-must-probe-jeffrey-epsteins-trafficking-network/amp/  |

EFTA00022138

EFTA00022139
|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • Ultimately made a series of trips to the island. Maxwell was usually present.
• “There were some days I was raped three times a day. And then he would rape others.”
• “We had to be always around the house, so it would be easy to get there. For him and his friends, who he lent us out to.
• “In six months I never saw him do a day’s work. I never saw him work. He was literally sexually abusing us all day long.”
• Lived in an UES apartment paid for by Epstein.
• In early 2007 Miss __________ was sent to South Africa to look for a personal assistant for Epstein – he insisted that she had to be 18, and had to be found through a modelling agency. |  |   |
|   | • __________ said under oath that Maxwell approached her on her college campus with the promise of a job answering Epstein’s phones, but within a day she was coerced into having sex with Epstein. Epstein once told her “he needed to have three orgasms a day. It was biological, like eating,” she recalled.
• Groped by Prince Andrew during visit to the UK with Epstein. “I just remember someone suggesting a photo, and they told us to go get on the couch,” she said in court documents. “And so Andrew and __________ sat on the couch, and they put the puppet, the puppet on her lap. “And so then I sat on Andrew’s lap, and I believe on my own volition, and they took the puppet’s hands and put it on __________ breast, and so Andrew put his on mine.” | New York, UK | https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2019/08/new-detaib-in-unsealed-jeffrey-epstein-documents
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9764107 __________ claims-against-jeffrey-epstein-prince-andrew/
https://heavy.com/news/2019/11 __________  |
|   | • 21 at the time (2004)
• Greeted at the door by Maxwell
• As __________ talked about her experience in halting English, she said Epstein moved to the massage table and began to remove his clothes. He was naked on the table and asked her to approach. He handed her a vibrator. “I just grabbed the vibrator and threw it at his head”. She ran out of the room. | New York | https://nypost.com/2019/07/14/inside-the-victorias-secret-pipeline-to-jeffrey-epstein/  |
|   | • Met when she was 14
• Massaged Epstein for 30 minutes. Epstein asked her to take her clothes off to get comfortable, but can leave bra and panties on. She stood next to him as he touched her and masturbated.
• Epstein asked her to bring other high school girls. For every girl, he’d pay her $200. | Unclear | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5hjnv8Ot4
https://nypost.com/2019/07/08/jeffrey-epstein-accuser-i-was-14-years-old-and-still-in-braces-when-abuse-began/  |

|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | • "By the time I was 16, I had probably brought him 70 to 80 girls who were all 14 and 15 years old. He was involved in my life for years." "He told me he wanted them as young as I could find them" "If I had a girl to bring him at breakfast, lunch and dinner, then that's how many times I would go a day. He wanted as many girls as I could get him. It was never enough." |  |   |
|  Jane Doe 1 (Brad Edwards) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 2 (Brad Edwards) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 3 (Brad Edwards) | • "sexually assaulted by Epstein" • Recruited by unidentified female | New York | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 4 (Brad Edwards) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 5 (Brad Edwards) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 6 (Lisa Bloom) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 7 (Lisa Bloom) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 8 (Lisa Bloom) | At hearing – did not specifically detail abuse | n/a | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 9 (Gloria Allred) | • "Sexually molested by him for many hours" • "positioned me by laying me on his floor so that I was confronted by all the framed photographs on his dresser of him smiling with wealthy celebrities and politicians." • "After he finished with me, he told me to describe in detail how good my first sexual experience felt." | New Mexico | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 10 (Gloria Allred) | • Recruited by unidentified female • Epstein asked if she would give him a massage. • Over the course of four visits, eventually progressed to "forced oral copulation" • Paid money | New Mexico | Hearing Transcript  |

EFTA00022140

|  Name | • Accusation | Location | Source(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Jane Doe 11
(Gloria Allred) | • Raped by Epstein at 16 years old
• Innocent massage turned sexual almost immediately
• “Here, come. Come help me with a kink in my shoulder while we finish our discussion.” A large vibrator and a couple of hundred dollars, disgust and dirty secret, more praise and imparted wisdom from a godlike figure, a deliberate diabolical depression of grooming and submission for his pleasure and release. Even if I resisted, I was no match for him. I felt powerless, ashamed, and embarrassed. I wanted to vomit remembering these moments.”
• “washed my entire body compulsively in the shower”
• “He forcefully penetrated me. I was numb. There was pain, but his use of the vibrator and his fingers in previous sessions with me had left a black hole-like void between my legs. I protested, but he forced my face into the bed to stifle my cries. That was my first time.”
• Paid a few hundred dollars | New York | Hearing Transcript  |
|  Jane Doe 12
(Gloria Allred) | • Recruited by unidentified woman
• In Epstein mansion, he had a white robe on, then he took it off and locked the door.
• Got close to her, and touched her genitals. She refused him. He went to the massage table and showed her the vibrator. | New York | Hearing Transcript  |

EFTA00022141