Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS MADE IN THE UNITED STATES
DISTRICT OFFICE

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Intake

Date: 12/06/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By:

Date/Time Received: 12/06/2020 09:55 AM EST

# Details:

On 12/06/2020, at 9:32 a.m. Eastern Time, [redacted] date of birth [redacted], Cellular telephone number: [redacted] called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report an active Facebook page for Jeffrey Epstein with inappropriate comments and possible pictures.

[redacted] provided the following information:

[redacted] was calling to report she was on Facebook after reading an article on Epstein. [redacted] looked up his name on Facebook, and found an active page. There are other people responding to post that he posted. She does not know if there are recent posts. It is pictures of him with girls that people are following and commenting on. It looks to be young girls. She believes pedophiles probably all go there and like his posts so they know who other pedophiles are. [redacted] did not have a URL when TIE asked. On Facebook she just searched Epstein. His profile is just a picture of him, might be a picture of him with a young girl. She isn't sure.

NOTE: TIE was unable to find specific Facebook account. There are

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020524

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 12/06/2020

multiple accounts under the name Jeffrey Epstein with a picture of him as the profile picture.

UNCLASSIFIED

2

EFTA00020525