From:
To: " , "Mark S. Cohen"
Cc:
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation (re: Epstein)
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 18:09:24 +0000

Thanks, [REDACTED]. That works for us. We'll see you at 5pm.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 2:07 PM
To: Christian Everdell; Mark S. Cohen
Cc:
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation (re: Epstein)

Chris,

Sorry to have missed your call, and I hope you and Mark are still able to get this – we can meet at 5:00 today, if that's convenient for you both, and I'm happy to ask the CSOs to allow you to retain your phones. Please let us know if that works, and we'll put it on our calendars.

thanks,

[REDACTED]

From: Christian Everdell
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 13:38
To: [REDACTED]; Mark S. Cohen
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation (re: Epstein)

Hi [REDACTED]

I just tried your desk. Do we have a time this afternoon when you can meet? Let us know as soon as you can because Mark will be in court soon and will not have his phone.

Also, would you mind asking the CSOs to allow us to bring our phones into the building? Let me know if that's a problem.

Thanks,

Chris

From:
Sent: Monday, July 15, 2019 7:57 PM
To: Christian Everdell; Mark S. Cohen
Cc:
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation (re: Epstein)

Chris, Mark,

EFTA00021569

Following up on my very brief conversation with Chris earlier this afternoon, and the voicemail you left earlier, thanks for getting in touch regarding your representation of Ms. Maxwell. I understand you'll be in our neighborhood tomorrow afternoon; we can make ourselves available to meet, but will that have been enough time for you to speak with your client? Let us know what you think would be best to proceed, and we'll figure out next steps.

thanks,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00021570