From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " " " " )"
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification
Date: Mon, 05 Aug 2019 15:33:07 +0000
Attachments: JBAGOYO_20190801164130564_DRAFT.pdf
Inline-Images: New_victims.JPG

Hi , just double checking to see if I can send this notification out. Also, FBI exported 4 more victims, attached are their names. Is it ok to notify them?

Thank you,

Victim-Witness Assistant
U.S. Attorney's Office – SDNY
1 St. Andrews Plaza
New York, NY 10007
Office:

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 5:44 PM
To: &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

No worries! No need to apologize. VNS is tricky. A notification is formatted via a template, kind of like a template in Word. There are certain sections where you can edit but then there are other areas where you can't because that's how it was made by the programmer. Hope that makes sense...

From: &lt;;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 5:40 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

Got it, thanks. In the letters that went out, there are several edits we made that were applied to these letters, so I'm wondering why it is we can change some parts of the letters and not others?

Apologies if I'm misunderstanding how the VNS system works. Thanks.

From: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 5:25 PM
To: &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

Hi , so, I was the one editing the letters...

EFTA00021151

Attached are the 2 previous notifications for this case that were sent to the Victims and they both don't those edits you requested.

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 5:01 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

Hi

Thanks. has been able to edit the previous letters, so it might be worth checking with her to see how she was able to do that.

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 4:45 PM
To: &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

Thanks. Attached is the updated version. I'm sorry but I could only update the hearing information. The other edits can't be done due to the template in VNS which can't be changed. Frustrating I know, but I did my best to make it look decent. Let me know if I can send it out. Thanks and sorry again!

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 4:24 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

Hi

Thanks. A few things:

- In the case caption, please delete "defendant(s)," so that it does not read "defendant(s) Jeffrey Epstein". I'm not sure if that's the form language, but it looks like a typo.
- Regarding the hearing information, there are several other court dates. I'll forward you the scheduling order so that you can add them.
- Please swap out this language:

Because of the Court's schedule, hearing dates could change on very short notice. If you plan on attending, you may want to call the VNS Call Center or check the website to confirm the date and time. Please note, there is a 24-hour delay in information transfer to the website.

And replace it with this language:

If you plan on attending, please call me at 917-301-6861 in case there are any last minute changes.

EFTA00021152

Thanks!

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 4:11 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: US v. Epstein - Status Hearing Notification

Hi there, attached is a status hearing notification which showed up on VNS today for this case. Did you want me to send it out? Thank you.

Victim-Witness Assistant
U.S. Attorney's Office – SDNY
1 St. Andrews Plaza
New York, NY 10007
Office: [REDACTED]

|   | Contact | Contact Type | Relationship | Victim Name(s)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  ☐ | Allred, Gloria |  |  | [REDACTED]; [REDACTED]  |
|  ☐ |  | Victim |  | [REDACTED]  |
|  ☐ | ☑ | Victim |  | [REDACTED]  |

EFTA00021153