Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES
DRAFT FROM JEFFREY E. EDGARON, PRES. (1947-1998)
1998-2020
2020-2021
2020-2021

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Intake

Date: 08/05/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By:

Date/Time Received: 08/05/2020 05:48 PM EDT

## Details:

On 08/05/2020, at 5:48 p.m. Eastern Time, [redacted] email address [redacted], telephone number (Cell: [redacted], internet protocol (IP) address [redacted]) which resolves to Stockholm, SE 132 48. Submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tips.fbi.gov, to report information on Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell.

Date Submitted: 08/05/2020 05:48:59 PM ET

Transaction Number: A300A5B9-5269-434C-A895-06FC8EB84B76

Threat To Life: False

## Submitted Text:

I was living in NYC in 2002-2004 and was introduced to Jeffrey Epstein by a Canadian woman who at the time was a friend. The woman was in her mid to late twenties at the time. She was also friendly with Ghislaine Maxwell. The woman, [redacted] was an aspiring French Canadian model and a close friend of Jeffrey Epstein. She told me she was often in his company in his home. She told me “he helped young beautiful women”. She also mentioned he often liked to get massages. I often went with my friend [redacted] to nightclubs in NYC and she would procure young women to meet Jeffrey Epstein. Many women were underage and aspiring models from other countries. She often had a lot of money in cash that she said Jeffrey Epstein gave to her for helping him with “various things”. I just saw the Netflix documentary and now understand that [redacted] was procuring underage women for sex trafficking to Jeffrey Epstein and Maxwell. She did it as an accomplice of Epstein with full intent of introducing them to him for payment. She did not seem to be under any duress but only spoke highly of Epstein. Several times I saw her with Maxwell too.

Violation: Other

## Violation Questions

What was the exact crime that occurred?: Sex trafficking/procuring of minors Jeffrey Epstein and G Maxwell
When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 2002-2004
Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): NYC/Manhattan

Complainant Information

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020473

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/05/2020

First Name: [redacted]
Middle Name:
Last Name: [redacted]
Age:
DOB:
Additional Info:
Type: Cell
Phone: [redacted]
Extension:
Account: [redacted]
Type: Other
Address:
City:
State: New York
Zip: 11968
Country: United States

Subject Information
First Name: [redacted]
Middle Name:
Last Name: [redacted]
Age: [redacted]
DOB:
Additional Info: The woman is a jewelry designer in a Manhattan.
How is Contact Known: She used to be a friend.
Type: Other
Address:
City:
Zip:

Witness Information
First Name: I am the witness
Middle Name:
Last Name: Me
Age: 40
DOB:
Additional Info: No
How is Contact Known: I am the witness
Type: Other
Address:

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020474

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/05/2020

City:
Zip:

Remote IP:
Remote Host: api.fbi.gov
Http Referrer: https://www.fbi.gov/tips
User Browser:
Latitude:
Longitude:
Country: SE
Region: Stockholm County
City: Saltsjoe-Boo
Postal Code: 132 48
Timezone: 02:00

UNCLASSIFIED
3
EFTA00020475