From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: Epstein UMR
Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2019 17:24:03 +0000

– Please see below.

TO: THE OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL
THE OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY ATTORNEY GENERAL

FROM: UNITED STATES ATTORNEY
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
PHONE: 212-637-2200

DISTRICT POC: Geoffrey S. Berman, U.S. Attorney
Phone: [redacted]

SYNOPSIS:

The USAO-SDNY, in conjunction with FBI-NY, plans to obtain a search warrant for “Little Saint James,” U.S. Virgin Islands, the private island residence owned by defendant Jeffrey Epstein (the “Island Residence”). We plan to seek the warrant this Friday, August 9 and the FBI plans to execute the warrant on Monday, August 12, 2019.

DESCRIPTION:

Epstein was charged by Indictment in July 2019 with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of a minor. The charges stem from Epstein’s sexual abuse of minor girls in Palm Beach, Florida, and New York, New York, from at least in or about 2002, through up to and including in or about 2005.

Since obtaining the Indictment, we have developed information that Epstein may have committed additional crimes of a similar nature on the Island Residence. We also believe, based in part on evidence recovered during a prior search of Epstein’s New York residence, that the Island Residence may contain evidence, including sexual photographs, of the conduct already charged. Working with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the U.S. Virgin Islands, we intend to submit an application for a search warrant for the Island Residence on or about August 9, 2019. FBI-NY, in conjunction with local authorities, intends to execute the warrant on or about August 12, 2019.

EFTA00021196