Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS DIVISION UNCLASSIFIED
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR NATIONAL PARK SERVICE
REPORTING FROM THEIR COMMUNICATIONS AND RELATIONSHIPS
TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

## Intake

Date: 10/09/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By: [REDACTED]

Date/Time Received: 10/09/2020 07:22 PM EDT

## Details:

On 10/09/2020, at 7:22:58 PM Eastern Time, [REDACTED], date of birth [REDACTED], cellular telephone number [REDACTED], called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report information regarding a Jeffrey Epstein party.

[REDACTED] provided the following information:

[REDACTED] met Lisa Villeneuve at a hospital where they were roommates in 2000. Villeneuve now goes by Ghislaine Lisa Villeneuve and sells real estate in Irving California.

After [REDACTED] and Villeneuve left the hospital they remained friends. Later that year in 2000 around Christmas time Villeneuve invited [REDACTED] to a party on Palm Beach Island, FL. [REDACTED] believes the house belong to Epstein. Before the part Villeneuve took [REDACTED] to meet Bobby Cox. Cox was a young man and introduced himself as a model scout. Villeneuve laughed in response to Cox’s introduction and said “No, you’re a pimp.” Villeneuve, Cox and [REDACTED] then went to the party. They entered the property through the back yard and Villeneuve said she would go inside to speak with the hostess which [REDACTED] believes was Ghislaine Maxwell. When Villeneuve took [REDACTED] inside Villeneuve told [REDACTED] to stay close and not go into any of the rooms. Villeneuve took [REDACTED] to meet a man named Curt Schmidt, who is currently the CEO of Blue Buffalo. When Villeneuve and [REDACTED] approached Schmidt he asked Villeneuve if [REDACTED] was cool. [REDACTED] stated she was cool. Villeneuve said no, he means cool to have sex. Schmidt said no he meant cocaine. Villeneuve took [REDACTED] back inside and someone told the party that Donald Trump had invited them all to a party at Mar a Lago. [REDACTED] told Villeneuve she wanted to go, but Villeneuve told [REDACTED] it wasn’t that kind of party, it was for prostitutes.

[REDACTED] hasn’t spoken to Villeneuve since 2002.

UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020508