From: Peter Skinner

To:

Ce: Sigrid McCawley Sandra Perkins

Subject: RE: legal process, regarding In re Guiffre v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433

Date: Mon, 15 Apr 2019 23:57:07 +0000

We'll review this and get back to you.

Best,
Peter

On April 15, 2019 at 7:50:15 PM EDT, [redacted] wrote:

Mr. Skinner,

In connection with the grand jury subpoena (the "Subpoena") directed to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP ("BSF"), in connection with the case captioned [redacted] v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS), in the Southern District of New York, served on February 5, 2019, attached please find a sealed order (the "Order") granting permission to BSF to comply with the Subpoena through the production of discovery materials marked "CONFIDENTIAL" pursuant to the protective order in that case. Please note that although the Order permits the provision of a copy to BSF, it is otherwise sealed. A copy of the Subpoena is also attached for your convenience.

I also note in particular that the Order applies only to the above-captioned litigation, and not to any other litigation including but not limited to In re Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et al., 17 Civ. 0616. Please produce only materials in connection with the case to which the Order applies.

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Order, or if it would be useful to discuss production methods and/or schedule.

thank you,

[redacted]

EFTA00020697

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00020698