From: Jean James <j>
To: Undisclosed recipients;
Bcc: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" <j>
Subject: Fwd: Some inside info on Russian Money laundering and the Epstein paedophile ring
Date: Mon, 16 Dec 2019 03:45:32 +0000

Mr. Taylor appears optimistic, but I can assure you that he will be ignored. The NCA works only for the Home Office and not the taxpayer. It is not a crime reporting agency. Neither is the SFO. The rest of the British police forces will not investigate serious economic crime unless pushed to do so by politicians or important people.

This is why these types of crimes continue under the radar, and are affecting other nations and the global economy.

Jean James

From: "TheAbstraction ."
To: "lynne owens" &lt;
Cc: "info"
Sent: Sunday, 15 December, 2019 12:12:24
Subject: Some inside info on Russian Money laundering and the Epstein paedophile ring

Kalamata
Billington Lane
Derrington
Stafford
ST18 9LR

15 Dec 2019

To Lynn Owens of the NCA:

Dear Director General Lynn Owens,

I wish to report serious matters of fraud, particularly those involved with Russian money laundering of gold bullion and their links to the Epstein paedophile ring which I believe is blackmailing Parliament. This email will serve to prove I did my civil duty and reported the crime at the highest level.

I believe the Foreign Office had previously obstructed the NCA's investigations in these matters in 2018, but this was under Theresa May, so perhaps you are now free to re-open the investigation.

The possibility that gold bullion was used in the Laundromat Russian money laundering operation was raised by me in 2015 in the Birmingham Mercantile Court in lawsuit B40BM021. I had drawn the conclusion after reading of Deutsche Bank's $10 billion money laundering operation in the New Yorker for which they were later fined by the FCA in 2016. Deutsche Bank's conduct in my lawsuit suggested to me that they had destroyed bullion trading receipts, and that this incriminated executives in both auditing fraud and money laundering. It has not hard to put these two facts together.

EFTA00022173

I believe that DB's position was so untenable it had to bribe a number of judges, regulator executives and politicians to make sure that no court or other agency would force disclosure of my receipts. Simon Brown QC, the judge in my first hearing ended up the butt of three sets of appeals, in which he was found guilty of gross misconduct and perverse verdicts. In each case the victim of his judgement was financially vulnerable and the opposing party of significant wealth.

Unfortunately my attempt at an appeal was blocked by Lord Chief Justice Sir Ian Burnnet who refused me permission. The grounds of appeal clearly set out a case of corruption and required a transcript of hearing. Burnett closed the appeal without such a transcript, which was confirmed by the ICO after 6 months of obstruction from the judiciary.

Burnett's decision had two effects - first it hid Deutsche Bank's gold and sivler manipulation from the public eye - until it was exposed in New York under Judge Valerie E Caproni. Secondly, by covering up destruction of bullion trading receipts it hid DB's involvement in the Dankse operation...

Asit turns out that Danske bank, via its Estonian branch, was using Deutsche Bank to underwrite its trades to the Russian Mafia, and this includes selling bullion without seals, certificates or receipts.

It does not take too much imagination to see that if Danske had laundered as little as $1 billion in bullion that this would create serious accounting problems in DB's bullion inventories. The easiest way to conceal the degree of this fraud is to destroy en masse bullion trading receipts.

In the court all judges refused to force DB to disclose my receipts - which is an outrageous violation of my Data Protection Rights and basic rights to a fair trial - as I was accused of not being able to quantify damages - even as defendants have refused to hand over receipts for such quantification,

The ICO spent 15 months obstructing my SAR to DB for the receipts. Only by forceful correspondence from my constituency MP, Jeremy Lefroy, did they provide a response - and that was to refuse to hand over the receipts, citing a technicality in German Law.

The FCA and the SFO refuse to investigate. It is quite obvious that all with the authority and power to force disclosure of receipts have been paid off not to do their duty.

I have subsequently discovered that both Deutsche Bank and Barclays (also a defendant in my lawsuit) were involved in laundering money for Jeffrey Epstein. Epstein had blackmailed Parliament to put Jes Staley in charge of Barclays. This is established in a response from Parliament to a FOIA from me in which the Treasury Select Committee admit to having the blackmail emails.

The fact that Staley is still in charge of Barclays tells us that the blackmail operation is still in effect and Staley is capable of corrupting the FCA, the PRA and the FRC, all of which have a duty to expel Staley from Barclays for his record with Epstein.

Staley had threatened me with a restraining order and costs should I take Deutsche Bank to court. I also believe there is a very strong possibility that my friend Katherine Frisk, was murdered by Staley's operators to cover up the blackmail operation and she died in mysterious circumstances merely 48 hours after publishing the material on Staley in the International Reporter. Given that the FBI had told that she is at risk of assassination for exposing the same blackmail ring, that possibility must be taken seriously.

My lawsuit alleged manipulation of gold and silver prices, which has been proven true in subsequent settlements, prosecutions and fines against UBS, HSBC, JP Morgan and Deutsche Bank.

The key evidence is linked here - it shows DB's public statements about its audits contradicted what it sent to me. The FCA refuse to press DB for an explanation, as do the courts.

EFTA00022174

http://www.shyreman.com/docs/claim.bundle/evidence.for.fake.gold.audit.pdf

Clearly if the NCA's investigation could be quashed by Staley and co, every agency with a parallel investigation had to be compromised.

It appears that Action Fraud, the ICO and the FCA all have a 95-99% disapproval rating. I hope the NCA can do better.

Regards
Mark Anthony Taylor

EFTA00022175