EFTA00022316

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt;
Cc: BRO-ExecAssistant-S BRO-ExecAssistant-S &lt;&gt;, Christian Everdell &lt;&gt;, "Mark S. Cohen" &lt;&gt;,
Subject: Re: URGENT RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 16:09:14 +0000

Thank you for the information.

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main: [Redacted]
Cell: [Redacted]
Fax: [Redacted]

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

On Dec 28, 2020, at 11:00 AM, [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted] &gt; wrote:

Good afternoon:

Ms. Maxwell has three blankets and had those blankets throughout the weekend. Although one was removed, it was in fact replaced shortly thereafter. Additionally, Ms. Maxwell was provided a holiday meal and all additional meals she is entitled to. The temperature was checked on the night of 12/26/20 and was reported to be 76.5 degrees.

Best,

Staff Attorney
Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons

Metropolitan Detention Center Brooklyn
80 29th Street
Brooklyn, New York 11232
P:
E:

SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
The information contained in this electronic message and any and all accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return to us.

BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;12/26/2020 4:37 PM&gt;&gt;&gt;
Good afternoon-
I am informed that Ms. Maxwell’s blanket has been removed and that she was not
provided a complete holiday meal.
She is cold and hungry.
I am urging you to immediately provide her with blankets.
She is cold, her isolation cell is not insulated, and the temperature drops in the evening.
It is currently a freezing 32 degrees and the temperature is forecast to drop to at least 28 degrees this evening.
It is inexcusable for her to be deprived of a blanket and proper nutrition.
Despite repeated complaints, the MDC fails to provide basic requirements to Ms. Maxwell.
I am requesting an emergency legal call with her. My number is
[Redacted]
Promptly correct these problems, which will be reported to the Court.
Thank you-
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011
Main:
Cell:
Fax:

**Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed**

EFTA00022317

but we continue to work remotely.

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all

correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good

health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the

Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy,

distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the

sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank

you.

EFTA00022318