EFTA00021366

From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: subpoena of
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2019 02:02:00 +0000

Hi
Thanks for your email. I am tied up for much of this week with a testifying witness, but should be able to speak to [redacted] about the topics you identified later this week or early next week and will get back to you about next steps soon.
Best,

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 12:53 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: subpoena of

Following up on our phone conversation earlier today, thank you for being in touch and advising us of your representation of [redacted] in connection with [redacted] receipt of a grand jury subpoena. So you have contact info for our full team, we're all reachable anytime at the copied emails or by phone at:

[redacted]

As we briefly discussed, the documentary materials we are seeking from [redacted] in the first instance are any flight manifests, flight plans, or other documents reflecting passengers and/or travel records, dating back to 2000. And we would like to hear from [redacted] about [redacted] observations, if any, of young women or girls on flights, as well as any discussions with Mr. Epstein about his relationships with young women or girls, or his legal issues relating to those relationships. We are also interested to know the identities of Epstein's employees and staff whom [redacted] is aware of, current and previous.

As I mentioned on the phone, given the prospect of attorney proffer information and/or a possible voluntary interview, we are prepared to hold in abeyance the current subpoena return date of July 22, 2019.

thank you,

[redacted]
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York