From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: signature card
Date: Wed, 23 Jun 2021 14:42:07 +0000
Attachments: October_1999_FTC_Stmt.pdf

Attached is the FTC October 1999 account statement. The $18,300,000 transfer to Maxwell is shown on bates number 36868. On that same page, a deposit of $18,300,000 is made sourced from the sale of JP Morgan Institutional Prime Money Market Fund.

If you have any questions, please contact me.

Best

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 23, 2021 10:14 AM
To:

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: signature card

Thanks for sending. For this account, could you please send us the account statements surrounding the 10/19/99 transfer to Maxwell that we discussed? It would be helpful to understand what the source is of the funds for the transfer. In addition, could you please let me know the bates range for the account documents for this account? I'm having difficulty locating them in the production. If you're able to flag any other KYC documents in the file, that would be extremely helpful.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 23, 2021 10:04 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: signature card

EFTA00022038

Attached are the account documents for the Financial Trust Company. In the production, I did not see a signature card for these accounts. However, there is a J.P. Morgan Entity Resolution form which schedules authorized signers (bates # 1934).

If you have any questions, please contact me.

Best

From:
Sent: Tuesday, June 22, 2021 3:14 PM
To:
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - signature card

Hi Mark,

When you have a moment, could you please send me the signature card for the JP Morgan account ending in 5001? It's the Financial Trust Co. account. I wasn't able to easily locate it in the production, so wanted to check with you.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00022039