Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS SERVICES AND SUPERVISORS: State Department, Government Printing Office, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Intake
Date: 08/17/2020
Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
Drafted By:
Date/Time Received: 08/17/2020 03:32 PM EDT

Details:
On 08/17/2020, at 3:32 p.m. Eastern Time, , date of birth , cellular telephone number , home address , Maitland, FL 32751, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report being approached as a minor by Ghislaine Maxwell.

provided the following information:

Approximately 28 years ago, when was 14 years old, Maxwell approached her about modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Maxwell saw her through a window. Maxwell spoke to the person at the gym's front desk before walking up to the Caller. Maxwell provided a card to , and asked if she was a model. said she was 14 when Maxwell asked about her age.

As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a runway model due to a hip defect. When Maxwell offered to help become involved in modeling, including international opportunities, tuned out most of what Maxwell said. remembered Maxwell mentioned Victoria Secret and massages.

never reached out to Maxwell because the offer sounded as if it was mostly based around modeling, which was unable to do.

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020491

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/17/2020

UNCLASSIFIED

2

EFTA00020492