Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
WASHINGTON, D.C.
UNCLASSIFIED
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Intake
Date: 08/20/2020
Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING
Drafted By:
Date/Time Received: 08/20/2020 10:31 AM EDT
Details:
On 08/20/2020, at 10:31:12 AM Eastern Time, , date of birth , Home telephone number Residential address Essex, New York 12739, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report he was contacted by . date of birth , home address Manhattan, New York 10023, who is a victim of Jeffrey Epstein.
provided the following information:
He provided a background for himself, such as working with prominent business figures such as Leslie Wexner and Jeffrey Epstein, being pardoned by a U.S. President, among several other pieces of information. found online, and reached out as she is a victim of Epstein, and she has been in contact with hundreds of other victims. She is trying to publish a book.
knew about criminal activity which happened in multiple states, on airplanes, etc. claimed there were films of men who were recorded. These men are prominent figures such as Epstein, President Bill Clinton, and President Donald Trump. Maxwell is also on the tapes.
UNCLASSIFIED
EFTA00020493

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/20/2020

[redacted] questioned [redacted], wanting to know who hired Epstein at Bear.

UNCLASSIFIED

2

EFTA00020494