Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES
DRAFT NORTH CAROLINA
1950-1998
DRAFT NORTH CAROLINA
1999-2020

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Intake

Date: 08/06/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By:

Date/Time Received: 08/06/2020 10:12 AM EDT

# Details:

On 08/06/2020, at 10:12 a.m. Eastern Time, [redacted], date of birth [redacted], international cellular telephone number [redacted], address Cambridge, UK, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report "significant" information related to the Epstein/Maxwell case.

[redacted] provided the following information:

In 2007, [redacted] was introduced to New York photographer Eliot Siegel, personal identifiers unknown, by mutual friends. Siegel asked [redacted] to attend a modeling event at the O2 Arena in London, England for a test shoot. [redacted] attended the event and discovered it was an annual S&amp;M modeling event. While at the event, London photographer Patrick James Fitzgerald (or might be James Patrick Fitzgerald), personal identifiers unknown, spoke with [redacted] and offered to photograph her for modeling. Fitzgerald told [redacted] that she would be on the front cover of a magazine. While Fitzgerald was talking to [redacted], Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell came over and stared at [redacted]. Epstein and Maxwell did not say anything to Fitzgerald and only looked at her. [redacted] did not accept Fitzgerald's modeling offer.

Around a month after the event, [redacted] was contacted online by a subject (name unknown) in Miami, FL. The subject was a very handsome man and tried to start a romantic relationship with [redacted]. The subject and [redacted] were typing to each other, but at the same time were connected by a video chat with no audio. [redacted] saw the subject had a man standing behind him

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020477

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/06/2020

that appeared to be coaching him what to say. The subject did not know [redacted] could see the man. The subject tried to convince [redacted] to travel to Florida to meet with him. [redacted] got angry with the subject and told him that she was going to contact police and blocked him. [redacted] did not follow through and contact police because at the time she was dealing with other matter. At the time, [redacted] father was trying to sleep with her and she had been told that her neighbor was trying to film her in her home.

On 08/05/2020, [redacted] saw a news article about Scott Borgerson, personal identifiers unknown, that included photos. [redacted] recognized Borgerson as the subject that contacted her online and tried to convince her to travel to Florida.

[redacted] believes her encounters are related to the Epstein/Maxwell case. [redacted] advised she also met Prince William in England and believes that might also be connected.

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020478