Thank you, Ariel.

As a result of this new law, victims of childhood sexual abuse whose voices were never heard and whose stories were never told have now been given a new chance to come forward, to share their experiences, and to vindicate their rights;

All of these goals are wholeheartedly shared by our Office, which is committed to using the federal criminal law to the maximum extent possible to investigate and prosecute those who sexually abuse and traffic minors.

As many of you know, several months ago our Office brought criminal sex trafficking charges against Jeffrey Epstein, a serial predator.

To bring that prosecution, we relied on the courage of many young women who were victimized as minors and who were willing -- years after their abuse -- to share their stories. And while Epstein committed suicide before he could face trial, our investigation into his co-conspirators continues.

I have said publicly before, we can only do the work we do with the assistance of victims willing to come forward.

By providing victims of childhood sexual abuse with a new opportunity to be heard, this law marks not only an important step for victims' rights but will help facilitate the work of law

EFTA00020574

enforcement in identifying and prosecuting those who prey on our most vulnerable.

I want to thank Safe Horizon for inviting me to this important event. As the country's largest victim services organization, Safe Horizon provides support on a daily basis to victims of human trafficking, sexual assault, and child exploitation. This work is incredibly important -- and incredibly challenging.

Our Office knows that it takes great courage for victims of trafficking and assault to report their experiences to law enforcement. It also takes coordination, trust, and partnerships between service providers like Safe Horizon and prosecutors.

For years, our Office has received case referrals from Safe Horizon and we look forward to continuing our partnership to hold traffickers and predators accountable and to seek justice for victims of violence.

EFTA00020575