From: Sandra Perkins
To:
Cc: Sigrid McCawley, Peter Skinner
Subject: RE: legal process, regarding In re v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433
Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2019 21:01:17 +0000
Attachments: 2019-04-18_GJ_Subpoena_Response_(Sealed_Order,_19_Misc._149).pdf

On behalf of attorney, Peter Skinner, please see the attached correspondence. In addition, I will be transmitting a secured link to related materials via our BSF ShareFile system. Please feel free to contact me should you have any difficulty accessing the materials.

Sandra Perkins
Case Manager
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

From:
Sent: Monday, April 15, 2019 7:49 PM
To: Peter Skinner
Cc: Sigrid McCawley; Sandra Perkins
Subject: RE: legal process, regarding In re v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433
Mr. Skinner,

In connection with the grand jury subpoena (the "Subpoena") directed to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP ("BSF"), in connection with the case captioned v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS), in the Southern District of New York, served on February 5, 2019, attached please find a sealed order (the "Order") granting permission to BSF to comply with the Subpoena through the production of discovery materials marked "CONFIDENTIAL" pursuant to the protective order in that case. Please note that although the Order permits the provision of a copy to BSF, it is otherwise sealed. A copy of the Subpoena is also attached for your convenience.

I also note in particular that the Order applies only to the above-captioned litigation, and not to any other litigation including but not limited to In re Jane Doe 43 v. Epstein, et al., 17 Civ. 0616. Please produce only materials in connection with the case to which the Order applies.

Please let me know if you have any additional questions regarding the Order, or if it would be useful to discuss production methods and/or schedule.

thank you,

EFTA00020699

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00020700