EFTA00022484

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " " "
Cc: " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Travel Records
Date: Wed, 28 Apr 2021 17:27:35 +0000

Hi

Just wanted to check in on whether there are any updates about travel records on the UK side? Also wanted to check in on whether you have had a chance to connect with [redacted] mother about setting up a time to speak. Feel free to give me a call to discuss if easier.

Thanks,

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 11:46 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; [redacted]
Cc: [redacted) &lt; &gt;; [redacted) &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Travel Records

We sent the FDR to the UK and are waiting for results. Yes there are records for [redacted]. Attached are the records for [redacted] from 1/1/1990-4/5/2021. There are two sets due to her last name being both " [redacted]" and " [redacted]" on the travel records.

Feel free to give me a call if you have questions.

Special Agent [redacted]
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
Desk: [redacted]

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 10:51 AM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; Byrne, (NYPD) &lt; &gt; [redacted]
Cc: [redacted) &lt; &gt;; [redacted) &lt; &gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Travel Records

[redacted] and [redacted].

I wanted to check in to see whether there is any update from the ALAT about travel records on the UK side for Maxwell, Epstein, and [redacted]. Also, when we got the CBP records for Epstein and Maxwell for the 1990s, did we also request those records for [redacted]? Please feel free to give me a call on this.

Thanks!

EFTA00022485

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel: