EFTA00021312

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: RE: Next steps
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2019 17:02:49 +0000

3:30 work this afternoon?

From: _________________________
Sent: Monday, September 30, 2019 1:02 PM
To: _________________________
Subject: FW: Next steps

Do you guys have a couple minutes this afternoon to talk about the victims thing? ☐ mentioned it to me informally so I'm not sure if that was further discussed last week.

From: _________________________
Sent: Monday, September 30, 2019 12:57
To: _________________________
Cc: _________________________
Subject: Re: Next steps

If you have some time today we can chat about these steps at more length but in short...

1) Sure we can make a photo array but also we have a photo book which we could just add ________ to instead of the 6 pack.

2) ☐ will be on vacation the first week of November but what about the week of October 14? FBI victim services is hosting the victim conference for Epstein victims in Miami on October 15 which we plan on attending. Are you guys coming to this? That might be the best week for us to knock out a few additional victim interviews, as well as meet with _________________.

3) We have not come across any ☐ photos from the Manhattan house yet but we will certainly keep an eye out as we continue our analysis.

Detective _________________________
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
_________________________
_________________________

From: _________________________
Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2019 4:43 PM
To: _________________________

Cc: _____________________________________________________________ &gt;. _____________________________________________________________

Subject: Next steps

☐ and ☐

A few things on next steps:

1) Could you please put together a photo array that includes ______? I think we may need it for interviews with ______ and ______.

2) When I reach out to ______ lawyer, I’d like to discuss dates for an interview. ______ is in Florida, so we could sync this up with interviews of ______ and ______, all in one trip. Would the first week of November work for you guys?

3) I’m aware of the ______ photos from the Florida house, but if you could please let us know if you seized any from the Manhattan house, that would be great, thanks. Likewise, if her name is on any of the discs seized from Florida or NY please let us know.

Thanks!

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00021313