From: " " )" &lt;

To: " " )" &lt;

Subject: FW: overdue subpoena compliance: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1031692 2019 DS

Date: Mon, 05 Aug 2019 21:57:14 +0000

Embedded: RE: _Amazon_contact??.msg

FYI

From:

Sent: Monday, August 05, 2019 17:57

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: overdue subpoena compliance: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1031692 2019 DS

Just following up on this, we still haven't heard back from them despite multiple emails and phone messages (they never direct us to a person) so we're considering applying for a motion to compel next week.

From:

Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 18:27

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Fwd: overdue subpoena compliance: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1031692 2019 DS

Hey I had forgotten about this but this is the subpoena I sent to you a while ago looking for an Amazon contact. FYI.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " )" &lt;

Date: August 1, 2019 at 17:05:59 EDT

To: "subpoena-criminal@amazon.com" <subpoena-criminal@amazon.com>

Cc: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;,

Subject: overdue subpoena compliance: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1031692 2019 DS

Good afternoon,

Amazon's response to the attached grand jury subpoena is overdue by several weeks. The FBI has emailed and left messages with your legal department several times over the past weeks without a response.

Please respond promptly to resolve Amazon's non-compliance. Otherwise we will initiate contempt proceedings regarding your failure to comply with valid legal process.

Sincerely,

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

One Saint Andrew's Plaza

EFTA00020920</subpoena-criminal@amazon.com>

New York, NY 10007

EFTA00020921