From: " " )" &lt;

To: "ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Date: Wed, 07 Aug 2019 00:35:33 +0000

Thanks very much for sending – the plea transcript was filed publicly in the CVRA litigation so we were aware of it, but as you say, better to learn something twice than to miss it entirely, so we appreciate it.

As always, please let us know if any additional clients of yours would be willing to speak with us at any stage – and feel free to connect them with us directly, rather than going through the FBI number, if that's easier.

thank you,

From: ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 06, 2019 18:01

To: &lt;

Cc: Scarola Jack &lt;

Subject: Epstein

As we know, Epstein's Lawyers are going to claim that the NPR agreement prohibits your prosecution. I want to share some information with you regarding that issue. You are probably already aware of this, but I'd prefer that you learn about it twice instead of never being aware of this proof. At the state court plea hearing, Epstein's counsel told the court that the NPR covered only the So Dist Of Fla. On the next page of the transcript the Judge messes it up a bit, but we know that when she said "they", she meant the USAO of the So Dist of Fla, NOT the DOJ. I am forwarding to you the cover sheet and two relevant pages of the transcript, along with info re when and where his occurEd. If you have any questions about this, or any other way I can assist, you please call me PS - two of my clients have advised me that they have contacted the FBI.

Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq.

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00020964