From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYE)" &lt;

Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 19:05:23 +0000

Importance: Normal

Of course. Thanks.

From: (USANYE) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 3:03 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Re: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Thank you! I'm out of the office til Thursday, is it ok if I give you a call then?

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 3, 2019, at 1:46 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Meeting with Contreras went fine today, feel free to give me a call for more color. The agent's going to write a 302, so we will forward that when it's final. Thanks again!

From: (USANYE) &lt;

Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 4:06 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Thanks for letting me know, And yes, confirmed that we don't need to be there for this. I know you guys are steering clear of the MS-13 stuff.

If you wouldn't mind just giving me a copy of the notes or the 302 from the proffer, I'd appreciate it, only because Andy is certain to reference this in his mitigation submission to us/DOJ.

Thanks, and good luck!

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 4:01 PM

To: (USANYE) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Hi

FYI, we are meeting with Contreras on 9/3 at 1 SA. Andy preferred not to have a proffer agreement. I know we discussed this, but can you confirm that no one from your side wanted to be there? Thanks again.

EFTA00020447

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:59 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYE)
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Thanks! If you're good with it, we'll reach out, copying you, to set up a proffer within the next week or so. Copying [REDACTED] who's also working on this.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYE)
Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:46 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

The attorney proffer from Andy Patel was today (08/20) at approx. 3:30 pm, just FYI.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYE)
Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:34 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Subject: FW: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

From: Andrew Patel [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 3:15 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYE); [REDACTED] (USANYE)
Cc: Donald Yannella [REDACTED]; 'Jill Shellow' [REDACTED]; Andrew Patel [REDACTED]
Subject: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Dear [REDACTED]:

This email concerns the investigation into the death of Jeffrey Epstein in the MCC. We realize that it is unlikely your office is involved, but we thought that we should inform the government of the following so you can take whatever action you believe is appropriate.

Jhonny Contreras was recently returned to the SHU in the MCC. At the time of Mr. Epstein's death, it is my understanding that Mr. Contreras was housed in a cell on the same tier and across the hall from Mr. Epstein's cell. Mr. Contreras did not see Mr. Epstein hang himself, but he would be willing to speak to investigators, in the presence of counsel, about his observations.

EFTA00020448

Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up.

Andy

Andrew G. Patel
Attorney at Law
80 Broad Street, Suite 1900
New York, NY 10004
Tel: [REDACTED]
Fax: [REDACTED]

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of the communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at [REDACTED] and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the message from your computer. Thank you.

EFTA00020449