From:
To:
Subject: FW: Motions to Suppress
Date: Mon, 22 Feb 2021 18:59:12 +0000
Attachments: Motion_to_Suppress_Opp_v6.docx

I can start looking at this.

From:
Sent: Monday, February 22, 2021 1:44 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Motions to Suppress

Thanks very much. Attached is a revised draft for your review. Should I plan to send this to [redacted] after I get back your next edits? I gave him a heads up that I was hoping to send it to him later today. Separately, I have been thinking a bit more about the documents that we are planning to attach as exhibits, and I was hoping that we could discuss as a team with you both. I was hoping to do that before I reach out to [redacted] to let her know our plan. I'm available for a call whenever is best for others today.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Saturday, February 20, 2021 6:02 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Motions to Suppress

Really nice work on this. Some combined comments in track. Would love to see again after you've had a chance to review/clean up and, of course, happy to discuss in the interim.

From:
Sent: Thursday, February 18, 2021 4:44 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Motions to Suppress

Attached is a draft of the opposition to the defense's suppression motions (motions 3 and 11), which are attached here for reference. I wrote this as one section with several subheadings since I think the issues are entangled (and that helps explain the length of this), but happy to discuss further. [redacted] edits are incorporated in this draft.

Thanks,

EFTA00021377