From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: FW: Epstein Image/Video File Review Protocol
Date: Tue, 20 Oct 2020 16:57:12 +0000
Attachments: 2020-06-26,_search_warrant_application,_20_mag_6719.pdf; 2020-06-26,_search_warrant,_20_mag_6719.pdf; 2020.10.19_Epstein_devices_responsiveness_review_protocol_-_image_&amp;_video_files.pdf; Maxwell_Superseding_Indictment_-_S1_20_Cr._330_(AJN)_(docketed).pdf

Hi ________________________________________________________________

Has the FBI team been able to start this review yet? Is there a time when I can hop onto a phone call with you and them just to make sure we're all on the same page, please?

Thanks so much,

From: ________________________________________________________________

Sent: Monday, October 19, 2020 4:08 PM
To: ________________________________________________________________
Cc: ________________________________________________________________
Subject: Epstein Image/Video File Review Protocol

All,

Attached please find the review protocol for the image and video files from Epstein's devices. The protocol asks that all reviewers read the warrant and supporting affidavit, which are both attached here as well. I am also attaching a copy of the Maxwell indictment, which contains a photograph of Epstein and Maxwell.

Once the USAO and FBI review teams are assembled, please let me know when would be a good time for me to have a call with them to talk through the review and answer any questions.

In the first instance, we would ask that the FBI team review the following devices:

- NYC024363
- NYC024394
- NYC024326
- NYC024368
- NYC024390
- NYC024334
- NYC027910
- NYC024323
- NYC024355
- NYC027908

Depending on how quickly the FBI and USAO teams move through the review, we may reassign some devices between the teams.

EFTA00022057

Thanks very much,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00022058