From: " " " " &gt;
To: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " " " &gt;, " (USANYS)"

Subject: RE: Expert Witness
Date: Thu, 29 Oct 2020 18:52:17 +0000

Thanks very much for the additional information. I don't think it makes sense to speak this afternoon, but thanks for offering. We'll review and circle back if it would be useful to discuss further. Thanks again for your time.

From: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt; &gt;
Sent: Thursday, October 29, 2020 10:52 AM
To: " " " " &gt;
Cc: " " " " &gt;;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Expert Witness

No worries, . I'm actually very surprised. If you still wanted to chat and share what exactly you're looking for, I'd be happy to recommend someone who might be a better fit.

With that being said, I just testified earlier this week in a Daubert Hearing for Federal Prosecutor : . I'm sure that you might find the hearing transcript of interest at a minimum, and it sheds light in the content of my testimony. Similarly, the trial transcript for this case, where I testified for the prosecution: https://www.eastbaytimes.com/2017/06/10/infamous-danville-sex-trafficking-case-comes-to-trial-defendant-spyder-featured-on-americas-most-wanted/

Best,

Kim

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 29, 2020, at 10:26 AM, &lt; wrote:

Thanks very much for sending these materials. After reviewing them, unfortunately I think we are seeking an expert with different areas of expertise, so I think it makes sense to cancel our call. Thanks very much for your time—

From: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 8:48 PM
To: " " " " &gt;
Cc: " " " " &gt;;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Expert Witness

Sure, that works. CV and fee schedule attached.

I look forward to chatting tomorrow.

EFTA00020878

Best,

Kim

On Wed, Oct 28, 2020 at 6:48 PM  &lt;---&gt; wrote:

Thanks very much -- 3:30 p.m. tomorrow would be great, if that works for you, and if you're able to send those materials that would be helpful. We can use the following conference line:  , passcode

Thanks,

From: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt;---&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 6:23 PM
To: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt;---&gt;
Cc:  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;;  (USANYS) &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Re: Expert Witness

Also, I have some availability tomorrow before noon or after 3:00pm, if that works better.

Please let me know what works for you and if you'd like a CV and fee schedule in the interim.

Best,

Kim

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 1:17 PM, Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt;---&gt; wrote:

Hi  &lt;---&gt;

Yes, I have some time to chat this week. I have availability today or Friday before noon or after 3:00pm.

I can be reached on my cell  &lt;---&gt; or feel free to circulate a call-in number.

Best,

Kim

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 1:10 PM,  &lt;---&gt; wrote:

Dr. Mehlman-Orozco,

My colleagues,  &lt;---&gt; and  &lt;---&gt;, and I are the prosecutors in the case of United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, which is scheduled to go to trial on July 12, 2020 in the Southern District of

EFTA00020879

New York. We would be interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify at trial. Are you available for a call this week to discuss?

Thanks very much,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

Dr. Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco
www.mehlmanorozco.com

<image001.jpg>

Available for Purchase Barnes and Noble &amp; Amazon

EFTA00020880