From: Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
To: " &lt;&gt;
Cc: "Kate L. Doniger" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: quick call re: Epstein investigation?
Date: Thu, 21 May 2020 21:35:52 +0000

Of course; on a call with Kate right now; we will call you when we are done

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, May 21, 2020 5:29 PM
To: Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: quick call re: Epstein investigation?

Robbie,

With apologies for the short notice, by any chance would you have five minutes free to chat via phone sometime this afternoon / evening up until 7:00 or tomorrow before 1:00 pm? I'd be happy to call you anytime that's convenient (or feel free to try me anytime if that's easier, at &lt;&gt;). Just wanted to ask you a quick question. And of course happy to have anybody additional on your end join as well if that's useful.

Thanks very much, and hope you're doing alright given the current circumstances.

thanks again,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00023176