EFTA00021334

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Important Presentation Tomorrow
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2019 20:27:02 +0000

Oh, sorry to hear it – get some rest and feel better, and we’ll let you know how it goes.

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 16:27
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Important Presentation Tomorrow

No I went home— not feeling so hot. I (unsurprisingly) brought a cold home with me from London.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 10, 2019, at 4:20 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Are you totally booked the rest of this afternoon? I know you have trial stuff so totally understand if so but if we can do all three of us I think that’d be optimal – no pressure but even if you can sneak out for like 10 mins and then jet if it goes longer. But if not, say the word and we can do it!

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 16:19
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Important Presentation Tomorrow

You guys go ahead without me.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 10, 2019, at 4:15 PM, [redacted] wrote:

I’m available now if you guys are.

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 4:15 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Important Presentation Tomorrow

Can we meet briefly on the victim meetings this afternoon?

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 4:06 PM
To:

Ec: [REDACTED]

Subject: RE: Important Presentation Tomorrow

Thanks, we appreciate it. In terms of [REDACTED], in general, based on our conversations with her attorneys, we expect she'll eventually tell us that she was 18 years old when she arrived in the U.S. through Brunel's modeling agency, and that she met Epstein shortly thereafter at a party and he invited her to his houses, and she quickly became dependent on him financially, and also that her modeling opportunities seemed to somewhat mysteriously dry up at the same time. (The media reporting that she was "sold" to Epstein by her parents and/or that she knew him when she was a minor are inaccurate.) She quickly became Epstein's "girlfriend" but was also subjected to significant sexual abuse, including being directed by him to engage in sexual encounters with other young women (though never any other men). Her attorneys say they believe she doesn't recall knowing that any of those individuals were minors. They also recounted a pretty horrifying list of other controlling behaviors, including encouraging disordered eating, requiring plastic surgery, etc., which not surprisingly resulted in a lot of negative feelings but also some Stockholm Syndrome / attachment disorder kinds of responses.

Also generally, it doesn't seem like she had much interaction with Maxwell, whom [REDACTED] believed didn't like her; in the initial several years of being in Epstein's orbit, [REDACTED] also had relatively little interaction with [REDACTED], despite being in proximity to her on trips and sometimes in the residences. Her attorneys say that Epstein discouraged the various women from talking with each other, and that [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] were in different silos in his life (girlfriend vs. assistant), but that [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] actually ended up becoming friends after Epstein was prosecuted in Florida. That was also around the time [REDACTED] started to become more independent of Epstein, and she broke off their relationship in approximately 2010 (though she continued to receive financial support from him, and has lived in the [REDACTED] building for many years, up through Epstein's arrest in July).

All that said, we expect that because tomorrow is the first proffer, it likely will be a high-level discussion going through the chronology and starting to build rapport. In subsequent proffers we hope to get into more detail about information that would corroborate the accounts of other victims/witnesses as to Epstein's other associates, conversations or understandings relating to [REDACTED] and Maxwell in particular, and any other relevant information as to anyone else she has information on.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 15:37
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: Important Presentation Tomorrow

Understood, that is important. Do you have a sense from an attorney proffer as to what she will say?

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 3:30 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: FW: Important Presentation Tomorrow

Hey just FYI, we're doing our first proffer with [REDACTED] tomorrow at 12:30, so that's why we won't be there—apologies for that, and we tried several times to find other available times (but were significantly constrained because the agents aren't available all of next week), and originally was planned for later in the afternoon but defense counsel asked to move it. If anything changes we'll join, but assuming it doesn't wanted to let you know we had made best efforts.

EFTA00021335

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 10, 2019 15:24
To: USANYS-Criminal AUSA Only &lt;
Subject: Important Presentation Tomorrow

On Friday at 12:30 in the Maxine Pfeffer Memorial Library, there will be a presentation by PSEU (Policy and Statutory Enforcement Unit). Your attendance is important.

(I am hoping to get some tips on writing a Policy on Enforcing USA compliance)

EFTA00021336