From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: - Following up re proffers
Date: Thu, 02 Jan 2020 19:06:54 +0000
Attachments: 19_Civ._10788.pdf

Thanks very much for being in touch. We had actually planned to be in touch today—we expect that next week we'll be having meaningful conversations internally with supervisors about the possible / likely paths forward for aspects of the case including Ms. . In connection with that expectation, we wanted to ask if you were prepared (and willing) to convey to convey your client's recollection regarding the incident described in the complaint sent on December 4 (re-attaching here, specifically at page seven). To the extent you have additional information that would be helpful to convey, even minor, we would be available anytime in the coming days to do a call. If that isn't possible until you come back, obviously we understand the challenges of scheduling, but we had anticipated trying to see if we could schedule a call in the coming days. Please let us know?

thanks,

---Original Message---
From: B
Sent: Wednesday, January 01, 2020 21:50
To:
Cc:
Subject: - Following up re proffers

All – Happy new year. Wishing you and your families a happy, healthy, and peaceful 2020. We wanted to let you know that there are a few minor clarifications/corrections we want to share with respect to proffers. I will be out of the country and not returning to the office until January 10&lt;x-apple-data-detectors://0&gt; (or possibly January 13&lt;x-apple-data-detectors://1&gt;). We will contact you then about scheduling a call to discuss. Many thanks. Best,

D:

EFTA00021739

The contents of this message may be privileged and confidential. If this message has been received in error, please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not intended to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not disseminate this message without the permission of the author. Any tax advice contained in this email was not intended to be used, and cannot be used, by you (or any other taxpayer) to avoid penalties under applicable tax laws and regulations.

EFTA00021740