From: "___________________________"
To: "Weinstein, Marc A." &lt;___________________________&gt;, Andrew Tomback
Cc: "___________________________" &lt;___________________________&gt;, "___________________________"
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation
Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2020 14:40:53 +0000

Marc,

Received, and thank you.

Best,

From: Weinstein, Marc A. &lt;___________________________&gt;
Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:22
To: "___________________________" &lt;___________________________&gt;; Andrew Tomback &lt;___________________________&gt;
Cc: "___________________________" &gt;;, "___________________________" &lt;___________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

We are in receipt of your July 26, 2020 letter. On behalf of the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, we can confirm the following: (i) Section 2.5(B) of The 1953 Trust has not been and will not be used by the Co-Executors to suggest that any current or former employee who chooses to meet or provide information to law enforcement as part of any ongoing investigation will be retaliated against in any way, or will lose any employment benefit, or any other benefit, inheritance, or bequest under the 1953 Trust as a result of meeting with or providing information to law enforcement; (ii) the Co-Executors have not made any distributions to Ghislaine Maxwell and will notify the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York in advance of any disbursement to her during the pendency of the criminal proceeding against her in the Southern District of New York; and (iii) the Co-Executors are not prepared at this time to waive any applicable privileges, including the attorney-client privilege, with respect to any materials obtained or seized by the Government.

Please let us know if you have additional questions.

Best regards,
Marc

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner
Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP
One Battery Park Plaza, 17th floor | New York, NY 10004-1482
Office: [REDACTED] | Cell: [REDACTED] | Fax: +1 (212) 299-6460

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost,

EFTA00020668

destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

From: [Redacted] &lt;Redacted&gt;

Sent: Sunday, July 26, 2020 2:51 PM

To: Weinstein, Marc A. &lt;Redacted&gt;; Andrew Tomback &lt;Redacted&gt;

Cc: [Redacted] &lt;Redacted&gt;; &lt;Redacted&gt;

Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

**CAUTION:** This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm.

Andy, Marc,

Following up on our recent discussions, please see the attached letter from our Office.

Regards,

[Redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney

Southern District of New York

EFTA00020669