EFTA00021938

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt; &gt;, " )" &lt; &gt;, " )" &lt; &gt;

Subject: Re: Sunday Times news story on Ghislaine Maxwell federal indictment
Date: Fri, 24 Jul 2020 21:38:12 +0000

Sure. I’m at [REDACTED] if you want to call.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 24, 2020, at 5:17 PM, [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Hi [REDACTED] — if you haven’t yet spoken with this person, do you have a quick minute to discuss? I just wanted to make clear that we have not in any way made public the identity of Victim 3, so I’m not sure what the ethical basis would be for any reporter to claim to know who this person is. Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 24, 2020, at 1:55 PM, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

I’ll respond. Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 24, 2020, at 1:35 PM, [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

I’m passing this on per our usual policy of forwarding all contacts from the press.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Gadher, Dipesh" &lt; [REDACTED]
Date: July 24, 2020 at 12:55:30 PM EDT
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: Sunday Times news story on Ghislaine Maxwell federal indictment

Dear [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]

Sorry to contact you out of the blue, but I’ve been working on the Ghislaine Maxwell sex trafficking charges story for The Sunday Times newspaper in London over the past few weeks.
The federal indictment highlights three specific victims, identified as Minor Victim 1, 2 and 3.

I believe that "Minor Victim 3" is a British-born woman called [REDACTED] and plan to state this in a news story on Sunday. She previously waived her right of anonymity at a court hearing attended by victims of Jeffrey Epstein in New York last August and subsequently appeared on the NBC Dateline show. Can you or one of your colleagues please urgently let me know if there are any legal issues that would prevent me from naming Ms [REDACTED] as a key witness in this case?

Do prosecutors plan to publicly identify Ms Maxwell's victims at any point? If so, when?

I can be contacted via email or on [REDACTED]. My deadline is 10pm GMT today.

Many thanks for your time and help.

Best wishes

Dipesh Gadher

Home Affairs Correspondent

The Sunday Times

London SE1 9GF

Tel: [REDACTED]

Mob: [REDACTED]

"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail"

This e-mail and any attachments are confidential, may be legally privileged and are the property of News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited on whose systems they were generated. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited is the holding company for the News UK group, is registered in England &amp; Wales under number 81701, has its registered office at [REDACTED], London, SE1 9GF and is registered with VAT number GB 243 8054 69. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not use, distribute, store or copy it in any way. Statements or opinions in this e-mail or any attachment are those of the author and are not necessarily agreed or authorised by News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited or any member of its group. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited may monitor outgoing or incoming emails as permitted by law. It accepts no liability for viruses introduced by this e-mail or attachments.

News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited and its titles are committed to abiding by IPSO's regulations and the Editors' Code of Practice that IPSO enforces.

EFTA00021939