From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: RE: CORRECTION: vendor processes for Epstein case
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2019 18:34:10 +0000

Thanks very much, and confirmed that we received the drive last week. Thanks again.

From: _______________________________________________________________ )
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 14:29
To: ________________________________________________________________ )
Subject: FW: CORRECTION: vendor processes for Epstein case
FYI.

From: ________________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 2:21 PM
To: ________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: CORRECTION: vendor processes for Epstein case

Please confirm the AUSA received the hard drive with the audio cassette transfers on Friday.
Also, please have your staff back up the drive and archive as well.
The video transfers will be ready tomorrow.
Below, you will find the breakdown of fees.
I will make arrangements with ________________________________________________________________ to pick up the tapes.
As always, thank you.
Sincerely,

Fees:

Audio Cassettes (49 tapes total)
(36) 90 minute length. 36 X 1.5 (hr) = 54 hours
(13) 60 minute length 13 X 60 (hr) = 13 hours
TOTAL 67 hours
67 X $60.00 $4020.00

Video Cassettes (13 tapes total)
(6) T120 length 6 X 4 (hr) = 24 hours
(7) T160 length 7 X 6 (hr) = 42 hours
TOTAL 66 hours
66 X $105.00 $6930.00

Editing
Audio 3 X $175 = $ 525.00
Video. 2.5 X $175 = $ 437.50
Archiving. 2 X $175 = $ 350.00

Hard Drives
Recycled 2 X $0.00 = $ 0.00

Total Due $12,262.50

On Thu, Aug 15, 2019 at 2:18 PM _______________________________________________________________ &gt; wrote:

Yes. Send what is completed at this time.
Thanks.

From: ________________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 1:44 PM
To: ________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: CORRECTION: vendor processes for Epstein case

The speed is "long play" meaning 4-hours verses 2-hours (NOT 6-hrs).

EFTA00021759

This is a bit faster... better.

On Thu, Aug 15, 2019 at 1:38 PM &gt; wrote:

As mentioned, the audio transfer is complete. Would you like those files tomorrow, as separate from the video transfers? Or all at once (both audio/video) next week?

As a follow up to the video lengths, most of the VHS tapes were recorded at slow speed or "extended play". This means the length of each tape is 6-hrs (verses 2-hours at normal speed).

We spoke about preserving the entire tape. Just letting you know in advance. Of course, the estimate will reflect these extended times.

On Thu, Aug 8, 2019 at 8:17 PM &lt; wrote:

Yes. I am in at 8:10.

Sent from my iPad

On Aug 8, 2019, at 8:16 PM, &gt; wrote:

Are you available to talk tomorrow morning sometime?

A few details I want to speak with you about.

Thanks.

On Fri, Jul 26, 2019 at 12:05 PM &gt; wrote:

Thanks

On Fri, Jul 26, 2019 at 11:45 AM &lt; wrote:

What address?

From: &gt;

Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 8:28 AM

To: &gt;

Subject: Re: FW: RE: vendor processes for Epstein case

Good morning .

Yes, I can definitely help.

What is the time frame for this?

On Fri, Jul 26, 2019 at 8:11 AM &lt; wrote:

In an obvious high profile case, we have VHS tapes and cassettes. Are you in this line of work?

The below is from the AUSA

Video and Audio:

For the video and audio records, those materials include approximately 22 VHS tapes and approximately 49 cassette tapes, each of which needs to be converted, labeled, and indexed, and we'll need two copies of each resulting digital file (again, one for us and one for FBI). Those are also currently in our possession, in my office.

EFT A00021760

Attention: Legal Audio Video cannot provide legal advice. The information contained in this e-mail message is privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above and should not be construed as legal advice. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

```
***
President
LegalAudioVideo
www.legalaudiovideo.com
```

Attention: Legal Audio Video cannot provide legal advice. The information contained in this e-mail message is privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above and should not be construed as legal advice. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

```
***
President
LegalAudioVideo
www.legalaudiovideo.com
```

Attention: Legal Audio Video cannot provide legal advice. The information contained in this e-mail message is privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above and should not be construed as legal advice. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

```
***
President
LegalAudioVideo
www.legalaudiovideo.com
```

Attention: Legal Audio Video cannot provide legal advice. The information contained in this e-mail message is privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above and should not be construed as legal advice. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

```
***
President
LegalAudioVideo
www.legalaudiovideo.com
```

Attention: Legal Audio Video cannot provide legal advice. The information contained in this e-mail message is privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above and should not be construed as legal advice. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

```
***
President
LegalAudioVideo
www.legalaudiovideo.com
```

Attention: Legal Audio Video cannot provide legal advice. The information contained in this e-mail message is privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above and should not be construed as legal advice. If the

EFTA00021761

reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message.

EFTA00021762