Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF LABOR
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

## Intake

Date: 10/27/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571 (U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By: [Redacted]

Date/Time Received: 10/27/2020 03:20 PM EDT

## Details:

On 10/27/2020, at 3:20 p.m. Eastern Time, [Redacted], date of birth [Redacted], cellular telephone number [Redacted], called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) Unit, to report potential information related to Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell.

[Redacted] provided the following information:

[Redacted] reported around 1997, he made contact with [Redacted], date of birth [Redacted] whom he had known from 6 or 7 years prior as they had a son together. [Redacted] and [Redacted] ended up dating, as [Redacted] explained she was having money issues and problems with her daughters. [Redacted] noted they were friends from before. During the contact in 1997, [Redacted] asked [Redacted] how to spell "Ghislaine" numerous times, as [Redacted] noted she had taken her daughters up to see one of the "supposed father's" who lived in Niagara Falls, NY recently.

[Redacted] reported she had met a lady who invited her daughters [Redacted], date of birth [Redacted], and [Redacted], date of birth [Redacted], to a fancy hotel and met Donald Trump and some of his friends in 1997. [Redacted] continued asking [Redacted] how to spell "Ghislaine" implying Ghislaine had given her money and would give her additional money if needed.

On Christmas Eve of 1999, or the day prior, [Redacted] was over visiting his son, who he had with [Redacted] years prior. [Redacted] began talking to [Redacted], as she seemed to be acting strange and asked [Redacted] if he needed a ride home.

## UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020517

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/27/2020

asked about his time driving a limousine for two years in the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. During time as a driver, he had met Donald Trump. noted he picked the President up in 1995 and took him to the DFW Airport. reported some of things President Trump had spoken about during the ride while on his cell phone were very concerning. reported he was "a few seconds from pulling the limousine over on the median and within a few seconds of pulling him out of the car and hurting him due to some of things he was saying" as caller choose not to. noted Trump continuously stated the name "Jeffrey" while on the phone, and made references to "abusing some girl." was unsure who he was talking to nor who he was referencing. As talked about his time meeting Donald Trump, immediately demeanor went "stone cold" as stated "he raped me." said "what" as replied "Donald J. Trump had raped her along with Jeffrey Epstein." noted some girl with a funny name "took me into a fancy hotel or building, that's how it happened."

advised to call the police regarding the incident as stated "I can't they will kill me." On Christmas Day, contacted stated she had in fact called the police about what they had talked about. told she had "done good." did not hear from or until 01/10/2000.

reached out to stating was dead and noted she was found with her head "blown off" in Kiefer, OK. Officers on the scene and stated there was no way it was a suicide. Corner stated it was a suicide. later stated committed suicide because had gotten cocaine from a Mexican drug cartel. feels the murder is a cover for Ghislaine.

The last contact with was after posted this information on Facebook a couple of weeks prior. called yelling that he had put the family in danger. explained had a third daughter named date of birth.

Note: During report he mentioned John Doe No.2 was actually John

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00020518

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 10/27/2020

W Nichols, date of birth [redacted], [redacted], who tried to originally set [redacted] up for the bombing in Oklahoma City. Nichols worked security for Bill and Hillary Clinton as [redacted] ate at a place where Nichols worked security at the door. Hillary walked up to [redacted] drunk and begin yelling as they asked [redacted] to leave and fired Nichols, which led Nichols to attempt to set up [redacted] for the bombing.

UNCLASSIFIED

3

EFTA00020519