EFTA00023410

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;_________________________

Subject: RE: Jes Staley and his relationship with Epstein

Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 19:34:22 +0000

Thanks. Just copying/pasting, here goes:

I just called your desk, but no answer/full mailbox! Quickly, I'm reaching out because my colleagues are working on a story -- following up on this story from the other week -- about how UK law enforcement is involved in an investigation into Barclays PLC CEO Jes Staley and his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. We understand that the FCA (the UK's financial watchdog) and the Bank of England's financial stability organization (the very Britishly-named Prudential Regulation Authority) is investigating disclosures made the other week by Barclay's board regarding Epstein and Staley's relationship. I believe they have now officially confirmed the investigation.

I think we will want to include a line in the story about how -- I THINK -- SDNY's investigation into Epstein's sex-trafficking organization is continuing. It's been reported that banks have provided some information to SDNY. My questions are as follows:

1. Is it accurate to say that SDNY continues to investigate Epstein's enterprise?
2. Is SDNY working with the UK authorities on the Staley matter?

I think that's basically it. Happy to discuss on the phone. I think they plan to publish a story today or tomorrow first thing.

From: _________________________
Sent: Wednesday, February 26, 2020 2:33 PM
To: _________________________; _________________________; _________________________
Cc: _________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;_________________________

Subject: RE: Jes Staley and his relationship with Epstein

Us

From: _________________________
Sent: Wednesday, February 26, 2020 2:30 PM
To: _________________________; _________________________; _________________________
Cc: _________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;_________________________

Subject: Jes Staley and his relationship with Epstein

Would this be an inquiry for you guys or MLTCHE?

Public Affairs
United States Department of Justice
U.S. Attorney's Office | Southern District of New York
| Mobile: | Press Office: |