EFT A00020999

From: _______________________________________________________________________

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: Final Voucher 10810414-1(1) has received final approval

Date: Sun, 08 Dec 2019 23:53:24 +0000

Importance: Normal

Dear _______________________________________________________________________

Final voucher 10810414-1(1) has received final approval.

Trip ID: 10810414-1

Voucher ID: 1

Voucher type: Final

Traveler name: _______________________________________________________________________

Minor Customer name: OBD-USA-USANYS-NEW YORK SOUTHERN (UNYS) (JO2104)

Purpose: R20NYS13179 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview

Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States

Dates: 2019-11-13 - 2019-11-15

Current status: Voucher Awaiting Payment

Voucher total expenses: 1585.76

Estimated trip cost: 1947.20

E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):

https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html

E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):

https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0008

This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.