From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: USAEO-Foreign Travel &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: ECC package - AUSA ECC ackage
Date: Fri, 24 Jan 2020 19:30:52 +0000
Importance: High
Attachments: -_ECC_package_2.3.20.pdf

Hi RMP,
Please see the attached ECC request package for [REDACTED]
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip.

Hi [REDACTED]
Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination.
View the state dept. link for the country you are traveling to visa link for the country you are traveling to.
Visa policies may be found on the Department of State's website or on the website hosted by each country's embassy.
https://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/country.html
Traveler, Consult EOUSA usaeo.foreign.travel@usdoi.gov mailbox to obtain a visa for you.
To provide sufficient time for the State Dept. to issue the authorization letter and for the foreign government to process the visa
request, it is recommended that visa request package be submitted to EOUSA's RMP Travel.
Staff 15 business days prior to the proposed date of departure.

Thank you

---Original Message---
From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Friday, January 24, 2020 1:41 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: FW: ITINERARY ONLY - [REDACTED] R - Travel Date: 03FEB20 - Ref: HEZZTD

Finally have a correct itinerary! This is for both the passport application and the request for approval of the travel.
Thanks so much for your help.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Friday, January 24, 2020 10:39 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Sorry One more thing - EOUSA also needs your OIA approval email. Thanks

We have reached out to OIA and are awaiting their approval. We'll send it as soon as we have it.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Friday, January 24, 2020 10:39 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Sorry One more thing - EOUSA also needs your OIA approval email. Thanks

EFTA00021052

Sorry, One more thing - EOUSA also needs your OIA approval email. Thanks

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Friday, January 24, 2020 10:33 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Questionnaire - Hi We also need this one ASAP. Thanks

Attached is my questionairre

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Thursday, January 23, 2020 2:28 PM
To: USAEO-Foreign Travel &lt;REDACTED&gt; [REDACTED] &gt;: [REDACTED] &gt;: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; R - Travel Date: 04FEB20 - Ref: HEZZTD

Hi [REDACTED] -

Attached is AUSA [REDACTED] flight itinerary for her upcoming foreign travel. I know you needed this for the passport. We will be routing a travel authorization for her trip soon.

Thank you!

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Thursday, January 23, 2020 2:26 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: FW: ITINERARY ONLY - [REDACTED] R - Travel Date: 04FEB20 - Ref: HEZZTD

Hi,

Attached is my itinerary with the revised dates (2/4/20 through 2/6/20) for the trip to Sweden. Should have the draft travel memo ready to send shortly.

Thanks,

EFTA00021053