|  Report Number
2002-10 |   | Case Report
Palm Beach Police |   |   |   |   |   |   | OCVAN Unit
345 S County Rd
Palm Beach, FL  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Date Opened
12/06/1901 | Date Closed
/ / | Review Date
/ / | Primary Case
Primary | Case Title
Prostitution-Epstein |   |   |   | Employee
(Det.)  |   |   |
|  Assisting |   |   | Active ?
Active | Case Disposition
UNFOUNDED |   | Source |   |   | Agency  |   |
|  Location (Arename / Case Location) |   |   |   |   | Zone |   | Best |   | Grid  |   |
|  File Number
300-13 |   | Date Entered
08/06/2004 | Entered By
Import | Date Last Updated
08/06/2004 | Last Updated By
Import |   |   |   |   |   |

# Narrative/Notes

12/07/01
File 100
Sgt.

On 12/06/01, OCVAN received intelligence from the WPBPD concerning Maxwell. According to the report, Maxwell is hiring young women from PBAC to come to her house and answer the phone. They are paid $200.00 per day for his service. It is unclear what is occurring in the residence, however, contact information for PBAC students was provided. Follow-up will be initiated as soon as possible.

10/13/03
File 300-13
Det.

On 12/10/01, information was passed on from Sgt. regarding Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein of 358 El Brillo Way. A West Palm Beach intelligence report read as follows: "Three female college students from PBAC ( ) were approached by an English woman who identified herself as Maxwell, on the Palm Beach Atlantic Campus. Maxwell said she needed young, beautiful unmarried women to answer phones and do office work at her home on Palm Beach. went to the house on several occasions and described the telephone calls as men call in saying when they were going to drop of particular girls. All three girls said Maxwell and Epstein were secretive about what was going on at the house, and at least two of the girls complained about Epstein touching them inappropriately. They said Maxwell asked for a list of other girls who she could call to work on short notice. She said she needed a large pool of girls to call as she did not know how many she would need at any given time. The callers were receptive to the idea of forwarding numbers of undercover personnel to Maxwell. Maxwell pays $200.00 per day for answering phones (cash). said she only worked there one day, but she had been there on at least one other occasion. I did not speak with . Their telephone number is at their dorm room on campus (roommates). Maxwell and Epstein allegedly have a private plane and frequently go to New York leaving them out of the area for extended periods of time."

Numerous attempts were made to reach the girls at the above listed number with negative results. Finally, I contacted PBA security who stated the college was closed for the semester and would not re open until next year.

In the beginning of January, many messages were left which met with negative results.

10/18/2005
Drug Trak Intelligence Management System - Institute of Police Technology and Management - Jacksonville, Florida
EFTA00022654

Narrative/Notes

A check of Jeffrey E Epstein, DOB revealed an expired florida drivers license of [redacted] Epstein did not return with any criminal history. An Accurint check revealed he has a florida concealed weapon permit #9012027, which expires on 03/29/05. Several ownership address were listed for Epstein including 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, 457 Madison Ave, New York, NY, and numerous vehicle and watercraft ownerships. In addition, many UCC filings were recorded. Finally, associations were listed with the following companies: Ghislaine Corp (Inactive); Har Adom, Limited (CO-Active); L.A.W. Plantation Management (GA-Active); Nine East 71st street Corp. (NY-Active); RHC Licensing Corp (TX-Dead); and the other two Florida inactive corporations.

A check of Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell, DOB revealed a valid florida driver license [redacted], with no criminal history. An Accurint check on Maxwell revealed numerous vehicles, with nothing additional.

On 1/28/02, trash pulls were initiated on this case, and conducted intermittently through 4/16/02. Numerous intelligence items were discovered within the trash, to include: individual directory listings for massages in New York, and the United Kingdom, numerous phone messages, daily calendars, list of female names titled "People that I want you to meet", listing females, ages, descriptions, and what they do (trash pull on 3/29/02), front page of bell south phone bill indicating phone account [redacted] under the name of Jeffrey Epstein and account [redacted] under the name of Ghislaine Maxwell, correspondence to indicate a weapon is kept on the property, financial information, nude photographs of women and numerous references to massages through daily calendars, phone messages, etc. It should be noted a list was complied of all names associated with Epstein/Maxwell/358 El Brillo Way, and is documented in the file.

It should be noted that all attempts to reach reporting parties have met with negative results at this time.

On 02/8/02, an investigative subpoena was completed requesting all incoming and outgoing lines to the address 358 El Brillo Way.

On 02/13/02, the above referenced subpoena was received from the SAO and was served on Bell South via fax.

On 02/12/02, an inquiry into corporations on line revealed Jeffrey E. Epstein related to three Florida entities: Financial Strategy Group, Inc; Ghislaine Corp; Financial Trustees, Inc. None of the aforementioned entities are active.

On 02/22/02, I received information from Bell South which revealed the following telephone lines are installed at 358 El Brillo Way:

Under name G. Maxwell
Jeffrey Epstein Main house line

All above lines are considered to be residential lines.

On 02/27/02, an investigative subpoena was completed requesting all incoming and outgoing calls rom 1/28/02 through 2/4/02 on the following telephone numbers: [redacted]

2002-10 - Prostitution-Epstein
10/18/2005
Drug Trak Intelligence Management System - Institute of Police Technology and Management - Jacksonville, Florida
EFTA00022655

Narrative/Notes

On 02/28/02, 411 computer checks revealed the lines [redacted] and [redacted] to be listed under the name Jeffrey Epstein.

On 03/1/02, the above referenced subpoena was received from the SAO and was served via fax to Bell South.

On 03/5/02, a fax was received from Bell South indicating the subpoena has been received and Bell South was working on the information.

On 03/11/02, documents phone records were received from Bell South and evaluated. With the exception of their being numerous phone lines at the residence, nothing unusual was detected.

On 03/19/02, an investigative subpoena was completed requesting all incoming and outgoing calls rom 1/28/02 through 2/4/02 on the following telephone numbers: [redacted].

On 03/20/02, the above referenced subpoena was received from the SAO and was served via fax to Bell South on 03/21/02.

On 03/26/02, drive by surveillance revealed the following vehicle tags:
[redacted]: Jeffrey Epstein, [redacted]; Jeffrey Epstein, and [redacted].

On 03/29/02, additional phone records from Bell South were received and evaluated. It should be noted nothing usual was detected within these records.

I subsequently contacted security at PBAC and advised them of the information received from WPBPD. They provided the following information: [redacted] and [redacted] are now living off campus at [redacted], long term physical address is [redacted], long term physical address is [redacted]. Security stated these two are roommates at [redacted] and their phone number is [redacted]. In addition, [redacted] is residing on campus at a different location than last semester. Security agreed to conduct an unannounced room search on [redacted], and advised will me as soon as that is complete. I advised them I will not attempt contact until the search has been done.

On 04/12/02, I was contacted by PBA Security. A room search was conducted and the following report provided: "At 1420, 020411 a room search was conducted in [redacted] by Sgt. [redacted], Officer [redacted] and the Director of Security [redacted] per the request of Residential Life [redacted] accompanied the officer's to [redacted].

[redacted] was not present during the search. Six full bottles and two empty bottles of Smirnoff Ice were found in [redacted] standing closet. Along with the illegal alcohol, several papers were found by [redacted] personal laptop computer that had what appeared to be porn site addresses on them. These papers were not confiscated due to there being other personal related information on them.

A check of the one address: www.enjoy.com proved to be an adult internet sit with visual pornography on it.

Another piece of paper that was seen indicated that information had been obtained about some type of adult work that paid $2,200.00 weekly.

Nothing else found. [redacted] is handling all discipline."

2002-10 - Prostitution-Epstein
04/18/2005
Drug Trak Intelligence Management System - Institute of Police Technology and Management - Jacksonville, Florida
EFTA00022656

# Narrative/Notes

Security explained to me that [redacted] will no longer be allowed to reside at the PBAC campus, however, [redacted] will contact me with whatever address [redacted] moves to.

Later, I was contacted with the following address for [redacted]: [redacted] — A cell phone number of [redacted] was provided for [redacted].

On 04/24/02, Sgt. [redacted] and I interviewed [redacted] and [redacted]. Both subjects confirmed they had been approached by Maxwell and had worked at the residence briefly answering phones, and were paid well. Although they felt there was something "weird" about the subjects residing there, [redacted] and [redacted] advised they did not observe anything illegal at the time.

On 04/25/02, Sgt. [redacted] and I met with [redacted]. [redacted] stated that [redacted] did not recall anything illegal occurring at the residence, there were nude photographs of women all over the residence. [redacted] added there were women running around the pool area topless, and that people were always getting massages. [redacted] stated that Epstein offered a massage to [redacted] at one time, (he did not physically do the massage—a tech did it), but Epstein had [redacted] take her top off for the massage. [redacted] stated that made [redacted] extremely uncomfortable and [redacted] has not been back since.

Although it appears as though usual activity is occurring at this residence, at this time, no illegal activity has been reported or detected. This information will remain as intelligence purposes only, until a crime is reported or possibly another student or young female and report to us while working at the residence.

# Links

|  Expenses/Income | - 0  |
| --- | --- |
|  Source Payments | - 0  |
|  Aircraft | - 0  |
|  Associated Cases | - 0  |
|  Arrests | - 0  |
|  Arrest Charges | - 0  |
|  Arrest Warrants | - 0  |
|  Businesses | - 0  |
|  Case Logs | - 0  |
|  Confiscations and Seizures | - 0  |
|  Associated Employees | - 0  |
|  Evidence | - 0  |
|  Gangs and Groups | - 0  |
|  Locations | - 0  |
|  Media | - 0  |
|  People | - 0  |
|  Search Warrants | - 0  |
|  Vehicles | - 0  |
|  Watercraft | - 0  |

2002-10 - Prostitution-Epstein
10/18/2005
Doug Trak Intelligence Management System • Institute of Police Technology and Management - Jacksonville, Florida
EFTA00022657

EFTA00022658

|  Persons System Report Palm Beach Police ADULT OCVAN Unit 345 S. County Rd. Palm Beach, FL  |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Report Date 10/18/2005 | Name Epstein, Jeffrey E |   |   |   |   |   | Address 358 El Brillo Way Palm Beach, FL 33480  |   |   |   |
|  DOB 3 | 52 | M | W | 72 | Weight 0 | Hair 0 | Eyes | Ethnic CAUCASIAN | No Photo Available  |   |
|  Driver License (FL) |   |   |   |   | S&N 3 |   |   | Fill Number  |   |   |
|  Agency Number | Other Number |   | Employer |   |   |   | File Number 300-13 / 2600- | Category  |   |   |
|  Scars/Marks/Tatmos |   |   |   |   |   | Drugs  |   |   |   |   |
|  Crimes |   |   |   |   |   | Review Date / / | Source INTEL REPO  |   |   |   |
|  Area Name |   |   |   | Zone |   |   | Best | Grid  |   |   |

# Addresses

358 EL BRILLO WAY PALM BEACH, FL 33480

Import From Persons

# Associates

|  Unknown | W/F  |
| --- | --- |
|  Girlfriend | W/F  |
|  Maxwell, Ghislaine | 12/25/1961  |

# Media

EPSTEIN_175

IMAGE

EPSTEIN_175.JPG

# Notes

See Drug Trak Case #2002-10

See associate Ghislaine Maxwell

03-11-04

File # 2600

Det.

On 03-05-04, [REDACTED] completed an intel regarding a WF [REDACTED], last name unknown, who was giving a message to Jeffery Epstein at 358 El Brillo. [REDACTED] stated that several times Epstein asked her to take off her top or her pants. She refused. [REDACTED] contacted the police department later that day and wanted to make a complaint. She also said that she would work with police. I contacted [REDACTED] on 03-06-04 at 11:00 p.m. and introduced myself then told her that I would contact her at a later date.

On 03-11-04, I left a message for [REDACTED] to call me regarding the Epstein incident. Her phone number is [REDACTED].

Investigation Continues...

File 2600

August 10, 2004

Det.

Notes

On August 10, 2004 I received an intelligence report written by Off. indicating that he had been flagged down by a taxi cab driver who had just dropped off two unknown white females, who appeared to be approximately 15 and 17 yoa, at the residence of Epstein, 358 El Brillo Way. The taxi cab drive stated that he picked the females up in West Palm Beach and while traveling to Epstein's residence he overheard the females discussing how much money they would make "dating" in Palm Beach and possible drug use.

Off. drove by the residence and observed two vehicles in the driveway, one registered to Epstein, a black Chevy and a black Mercedes bearing which came back as no record found.

Det. would also complete a drive by later in the evening and observe a white female enter a small red vehicle, This vehicle is registered to DOB

No further information regarding known criminal activity obtained; however, efforts will be made to commence trash pulls from Epstein's residence in the near future.

Attached is the Intel report provided by Off.

File 300
November 29, 2004
Det.

On November 29, 2004 I reviewed an intelligence report completed by Officer regarding

According the report, who is the property manager for 358 El Brillo Way, which is the residence of Jeffrey Epstein, responded to the Police station to report that a suspicious vehicle was parked in the driveway of the residence.

Upon arrival, Off. came into contact with who advised that she was there to pick up an envelope from the homeowner (Epstein). stated that Epstein did leave an envelope for and went inside to retrieve it. While waiting, received a phone call and stated, "I can't talk, I can't talk, I'm at school, I gotta go" before terminating the call. When questioned who had called advised it was her mother.

was advise that she works at and was introduced to Epstein through a friend who worked there. told that Epstein allows then to come over anytime and use the house and pool.

would ask what was in the envelope that was given to and was told it was money for being a message therapist. confided, "off the record, he (Epstein) has many young girls come over for that...there's always a different young girl at the pool or inside with him when he's here."

Detectives will attempt contact with in the near future for possible follow-up assistance.

Nothing further at this time.

CC: Jeffrey Epstein

File 2600
January 18, 2005
Det.

Persons System Report for : Epstein, Jeffrey E

EFTA00022659

Notes

On or about January of 2005, I located an article on the internet regarding Jeffrey Epstein. The article details some of the financial ventures and background regarding Epstein. According to this article, Epstein is a financial manager and only has a clientele with a net worth of 1 billion dollars.

Attached is article for informational purposes.

File#2600
Det:
03/31/2005

On March 30, 2005, I was asked to begin conducting surveillance and trash pulls reference Detective investigating Epstein as a suspect involved in a sexual battery of a 14 year old female. I was advised that Epstein was possibly engaging in sexual contact with young females.

March 30, 2005, I made contact with Town of Palm Beach Sanitation Office Supervisor, and requested trash pulls for 358El Brillo Way to begin on March 31, 2005.

March 31, 2005 at 9:20 a.m., I met with Town of Palm Beach sanitation employee, Jeffrey who collected seventeen white plastic trash bags from Epstein's property and turned them over to me.

I took the trash bags to the sanitation office were I sifted through them. I collected mail correspondence from Armani Exchange addressed to , "Jeffrey E. Epstein" notepaper with , a important message notepaper addressed to J.E dated 03/29/05 at 8:15 p.m. reference , U.S Airways boarding pass copy for passenger, , Montgomery County, Maryland Health Department food service ID NO#40820 for and Ghislaine Maxwell notepaper with names and phone numbers. Photocopies of the trash collected were attached with the supplement.

March 31, 2005, at 3:00 p.m., I set up a surveillance vehicle equipped with a video monitoring device. The surveillance vehicle was parked approximately fifty feet east of Epstein's driveway, to monitor and record all vehicle and pedestrian traffic entering and leaving Epstein's property.

Video surveillance was conducted near Epstein's property from March 31 through April 3, 2005.

The video surveillance tapes were regularly changed out with new tape. Six Maxell T-160 VHS tapes were reviewed for intelligence. The tapes were filed in the OCVAN office.

End of supplement.

File#2600
Det:
04/01/2005

On April 01, 2005 at 9:30 a.m., while parked in the area of 358 El Brillo Way waiting to collect Epstein's trash from public works, I observed a white female, who I recognized as from her Florida driver's license search I conducted from mail correspondence collected from the trash. I made no contact with . While parked in the area, I also observed Epstein's GMC Yukon truck leave the property as well as other vehicles arrive and park across the street from the property. The occupants of these vehicle appeared to be house workers, maintenance, and gardeners.

At 9:38 a.m., I collected trash from sanitation employee, . I sifted through the trash and collected mail correspondence addressed to Jeffrey Epstein, automotive records and personal documents for and as well as

Persons System Report for : Epstein, Jeffrey E

EFTA00022660

Notes

"Jeffrey Epstein" notepaper with girls names and times ( ).

I also found a three inch purple finger size object which had a broken end. The object appeared to be a broke piece from a sexual toy (Cyclone Vibrator) possibly used for rectal gratification.. The object was photographed for Detective ( ), packaged in a bio-hazard evidence bag (possible body fluids) and secured as investigative evidence.

Copies of the trash collected were attached with the supplement. End of supplement.

File#2600
Det:
04/05/2005

On April 05, 2005 at 9:18 a.m., I collected trash from sanitation employee, ( ). I transported the trash bags back to the sanitation site, where I sifted through the trash bags and collected mail correspondence addressed to Jeffrey Epstein as well as notepaper (Important Message) names and telephone numbers. The following are items of paper collected from Epstein's trash.

( blank piece of white paper )
black paper ( )
black paper ( )
( MSN Hotmail web page with email address )

The following items were documented for Detective ( ) investigation prior to disposal. End of supplement.

File: 2600
Det:
04/21/2005

During the month of April 2005, trash pull were conducted at 358 El Brillo Way to gather further intelligence related to Detective ( ) investigation of Jeffrey Epstein possibly being sexually involved with underage girls.

Trash from Epstein's residence was collected by Palm Beach Sanitation employee, ( ). The trash bags from Epstein's were turned directly over to me upon ( ) driving away from the property on most days, however if I was unable to met with ( ), he would leave the Epstein's trash bags at a designated area at the sanitation office.

All trash collected from Epstein's which included, mail correspondences addressed to Jeffrey Epstein, and other household members, notepad papers, with names, telephone numbers, notes and a three inch purple object that appeared to be part of a sexual toy were turned over to Detective ( ).

The six Maxell T-160 vhs video tapes collected from the surveillance remained in my custody.

End of supplement.

File#2600
Det:
06/14/2005

Persons System Report for : Epstein, Jeffrey E
EFTA00022661

Notes

On June 14, 2005, Detective [redacted] contacted me and advised that the airplane belonging to Jeffrey Epstein of 358 El Brillo Way was parked at Palm Beach International Airport.

Detective [redacted] requested that I begin trash pulls for the purpose of gather intelligence.

I made contact with [redacted] of Palm Beach Sanitation and requested that on June 15, 2005, all of Epstein’s trash be collected and transported to the sanitation department.

End of supplement.

File 100
September 12, 2005
Det. [redacted]

On or about September 11, 2005, [redacted] was arrested for possession of marijuana in the north end of the island during a traffic stop by Off. [redacted]. See case number 05-1263 for further information.

Previous intelligence indicates that [redacted] may have been paid money for sexual acts from Jeffrey Epstein. [redacted] would have been under the age of 18 at the time this act would have allegedly taken place.

On September 12, 2005 I made telephone contact with [redacted] at phone number [redacted]. [redacted] stated that she was willing to speak with me about a resident on the island involved in “disgusting activity”. [redacted] indicated that this person was of high influence and had 6 to seven assistants working for him. [redacted] stated that she has heard he also has police officers working for him. [redacted] discussed her concerns about the marijuana arrest and stated that she is know living in outside of Jacksonville and would not be able to assist police. [redacted] indicated that she would come to the police department today; however, it was determined by [redacted], that she should be more thoroughly interviewed at a later date.

It should be noted that Epstein’s name was not mentioned during the entire conversation and [redacted] was instructed not discuss this matter with anyone else. [redacted] indicated that she last spoke with Epstein through e-mail approximately 2 weeks ago. [redacted] was further asked to save/document any future correspondence.

Det. Bureau ( [redacted] ) notified of [redacted] information.

Sgt. [redacted]
05-368
2600
September 21, 2005

On Wednesday September 21, 2005 Detective [redacted] requested that the trash at [redacted] be collected for evidentiary purposes. I contacted Sanitation Supervisor [redacted] at ext [redacted] and requested that the trash be collected while an investigator observes the collection. He then contacted [redacted], who is the employee on that route and informed him to contact me prior to picking up the trash. At 9:30 a.m., I had not received a call from Mr. [redacted] so I responded to the area to wait for him to arrive. As I approached [redacted], I observed [redacted] driving his collection vehicle eastbound on [redacted] to [redacted]. I met with [redacted] on South County Road and collected four bags from the back of his truck. I then responded to the Police Department and informed Detective [redacted] that I would search through the trash. He then met with me in the basement area and assisted in the search for items. Several items of paper with information either typed or handwritten was taken into evidence.

Persons System Report for: Epstein, Jeffrey E

EFTA00022662

Notes

Contact was made with Supervisor [redacted], to request that trash be collected again on Friday September 23, 2005.

Investigation Continuing.

File 2600
September 23, 2005
Det. [redacted]

On or about September 23, 2005 at approximately 0915 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker [redacted]. I observed [redacted] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove several plastic bags of trash and place the contents into the back of an empty sanitation truck.

I then followed [redacted] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents. There were a total of 4 white in color plastic bags and each contained documentation and correspondence for 358 El Brillo and Jeffrey Epstein. All documents of evidentiary value were removed and turned over to Det. [redacted] for follow-up.

No further action taken.

File 2600
September 23, 2005
Det. [redacted]

On or about September 26, 2005 at approximately 0900 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker [redacted]. I observed [redacted] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo, where no trash was located within the receptacles. I left the area without incident and notified Det. [redacted] to that affect.

On or about September 27, 2005 at approximately 0915 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker [redacted] I observed [redacted] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove one plastic bag of trash and place it in the back of an empty sanitation truck.

I then followed [redacted] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents. There were a total of 1 white in color plastic bag which contained correspondence for 358 El Brillo. All documents of evidentiary value were removed and turned over to Det. [redacted] for follow-up.

No further action taken.

On or about Monday October 3, 2005 at approximately 0915 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker [redacted]. I observed [redacted] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove several plastic bags of trash and place the contents into the back of an empty sanitation truck.

I then followed [redacted] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents. There were a total of 7 white in color plastic bags with a red tie and 1 black in color bag which contained 2 white in color plastic bags with a red tie. Each of the bags contained documentation and correspondence for 358 El Brillo and Jeffrey Epstein. Also located was a broken piece of a hard

Persons System Report for: Epstein, Jeffrey E

EFTA00022663

Notes

plastic or clear acrylic stick, which was shaped with small ridges. This device is commonly used as a sexual toy which is inserted into the vagina or anus for stimulation. This item, along with all documents of evidentiary value were removed and turned over to Det. [REDACTED] for follow-up.

On or about Tuesday October 4, 2005 at approximately 0928 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker Jeff [REDACTED]. I observed [REDACTED] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove several plastic bags of trash and place the contents into the side well of the sanitation truck. This side of the truck is separate from the rear of the truck and does not come into contact with other trash.

I then followed [REDACTED] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents. There were a total of 2 white in color plastic bags which were tied at the top. Each of the bags contained documentation and correspondence for 358 El Brillo and Jeffrey Epstein. All documents of evidentiary value were removed and turned over to Det. [REDACTED] for follow-up.

File 2600
October 5, 2005
Det. [REDACTED]
PBPD 05-368

On or about Wednesday October 5, 2005 at approximately 0928 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker Jeff [REDACTED]. I observed [REDACTED] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove several plastic bags of trash and place the contents into the bed of the sanitation truck.

I then followed [REDACTED] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents, with the assistance of Det. [REDACTED]. There were a total of 2 bags, one of which was white in color and tied in a knot at the top, and the other was a black in color bag, which contained two white in color trash bags along with loose debris. Each of the bags contained documentation and correspondence for 358 El Brillo and Jeffrey Epstein. All documents of evidentiary value were removed and turned over to Det. [REDACTED] for follow-up.

File 2600
October 5, 2005
Det. [REDACTED]
PBPD 05-368

On Friday, October 7, 2005 at approximately 0923 hours, I responded to 358 El Brillo and met with PB Sanitation worker [REDACTED]. I observed [REDACTED] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove several plastic bags of trash and place the contents into the bed of an empty sanitation truck.

I then followed [REDACTED] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents. There were a total of 3 bags, one of which was white in color and tied in a knot at the top, and the other two bags were black in color. One bag contained documentation and correspondence for Jeffrey Epstein, which was copied and given to Det. [REDACTED] for informational purpose. It is described as a white piece of stationary with "Jeffrey E. Epstein" typed at the bottom. Handwritten on the letter was, "Luba Sunday 100 (1:00), Improve Saturday 1500 Bay Road Miami Flamingos Beach". Nothing of evidentiary value was located.

Persons System Report for: Epstein, Jeffrey E

EFTA00022664

Notes

File 2600
October 5, 2005
Det.
PBPD 05-368

On Monday, October 10, 2005 at approximately 0943 hours, I responded to [redacted] and met with PB Sanitation worker [redacted]. I observed [redacted] enter the driveway of 358 El Brillo and remove a plastic bag of trash and place it into the bed of an empty sanitation truck.

I then followed [redacted] to a predetermined location and seized the trash from the truck. The trash was transported to the Palm Beach Police Department where I began sifting through its contents. There was one white in color plastic bag which was tied in a knot at the top. The bag contained nothing of evidentiary value.

NOTE: AS OF 10/11/2005 ALL NEW SUPPLEMENTS FOR JEFFREY EPSTEIN SHOULD BE FILED # 2600-8

# Links

|  Activities | - | 0  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Addresses | - | 1  |
|  Aircraft | - | 0  |
|  Aliases | - | 0  |
|  Arrests and Charges | - | 0  |
|  Arrest Warrants | - | 0  |
|  Associates | - | 2  |
|  Businesses | - | 0  |
|  Cases | - | 0  |
|  Gangs and Groups | - | 0  |
|  Locations | - | 0  |
|  Media | - | 1  |
|  Telephone Numbers | - | 0  |
|  Vehicles | - | 0  |
|  Watercraft | - | 0  |

Persons System Report for: Epstein, Jeffrey E

EFTA00022665