EFTA00021812

From: " " " " " "
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: U.S. Department of Justice - VNS - Investigative Case 31E-NY-3027571 - Court Case
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 22:05:07 +0000

Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Thanks, [REDACTED] is represented by Gloria Allred – could you please update VNS to make sure notifications go to Gloria in the first instance? Thanks.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 5:59 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
Subject: Fwd: U.S. Department of Justice - VNS - Investigative Case 31E-NY-3027571 - Court Case

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Daniel Rose [REDACTED]
Date: July 3, 2020 at 12:44:21 PM EDT
To: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]
Subject: FW: U.S. Department of Justice - VNS - Investigative Case 31E-NY-3027571 - Court Case

Good Afternoon
Please keep us informed and notified of this case.
Kind Regards
Daniel Rose

Daniel J. Rose, P.A.
323 NE 6th Avenue
Delray Beach, Florida 33483
[REDACTED]

NOTICE: This E-mail (including attachments) is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521, is confidential and may be ATTORNEY PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL. It is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named as recipient. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending. This communication to the sender and delete the original message and any copy of it from your computer system.

Thank you for your cooperation.

From: U.S. Department of Justice - VNS
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 4:23 PM

To: Daniel Rose

Subject: U.S. Department of Justice - VNS - Investigative Case 31E-NY-3027571 - Court Case

DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL.

U.S. Department of Justice
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrews Plaza
New York, NY 10007
Phone: (212) 637-1028
Fax: (212) 637-0421

July 02, 2020

Daniel Rose, P.A.

Re: Case Number 2018R01618 and Court Docket Number Docket 20 Cr. 330

Dear Daniel Rose, P.A.:

This notice is provided by the United States Department of Justice Victim Notification System. You have been designated to receive notifications on behalf of the following victim(s) (or potential victims) identified by law enforcement during the investigation of the case:

There is new information regarding the above referenced matter that can be viewed by accessing the VNS Web page at https://www.notify.usdoj.gov and registering with VNS. Registering with VNS provides the ability to access all notifications regarding this case, view any additional documents provided during the case as well as update your personal contact information. You will need the following information to register with VNS: (1) your VNS ID and PIN that was provided to you in the initial email you received from VNS. In addition, if you have received a letter from VNS, your ID and PIN are included in the letter; (2) Your last name or business name as listed in the VNS letter or email.

If you want future email notices from VNS to contain the details regarding the case events, you can elect to "verify" your email address when you register by providing that information during the registration process. Verifying your email with the VNS will also allow you to be assured of receiving timely notifications regarding this matter.

If you do not want to register with VNS, but you want to receive VNS email notices that contain the details about recent events, you should verify your email address by selecting this link to VNS. You will need to provide the following information to verify your email address: VNS ID, your last name or business name, and your email address (you must enter the same email address used for this message). Please understand that if you elect to verify your email address without registering with VNS, you will not have access to the VNS Web site.

If you need assistance with this process, please contact the VNS Help Desk at

Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell was arrested and charged for her role in facilitating the abuse of minor victims by Jeffrey Epstein. As alleged in the indictment, that abuse occurred between approximately 1994 and 1997 in locations including New York, Florida, New Mexico, and London, England. The lead prosecutors on the case are , and

Victim's Rights

Although the current charges against Maxwell may not contain allegations involving you personally, the Southern District of New York previously identified you as a victim or potential victim in a related case involving Jeffrey Epstein.

EFTA00021813

Victims of all crimes under federal investigation are entitled to services under the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act (VRRA), including notification of court events. For further details, please refer to Title 34 United States Code section 20141 or the VRRA link posted at https://www.notify.usdoj.gov.

Although you have not have been identified as a victim of the specific conduct charged in the Indictment, for your awareness, this letter provides details regarding the rights of crime victims in federal cases. Now that charges have been filed in federal court, victims of the charges filed are, in addition, entitled to the following rights, according to the Crime Victims' Rights Act, Title 18 United States Code section 3771: (1) The right to be reasonably protected from the accused; (2) The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding, or any parole proceeding, involving the crime or of any release or escape of the accused; (3) The right not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding, unless the court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that proceeding; (4) The right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding; (5) The reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government in the case; (6) The right to full and timely restitution as provided in law; (7) The right to proceedings free from unreasonable delay; (8) The right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy; (9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement; and (10) The right to be informed of the rights under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20141(c)) and provided contact information for the Office of the Victims' Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice. If you want to inform the prosecutors of your views regarding any aspect of the case, please contact one of the prosecutors listed above or me at [redacted].

Please understand that these rights apply only to victims of the specific counts charged in federal court, and thus you may not be able to exercise all of these rights if the crime of which you are a victim is not within the scope of the Indictment.

Because you have not been identified as a victim of the charges filed against Maxwell, we will not provide you with additional individualized notifications about this specific case unless you request such notifications. If you wish to receive ongoing notifications regarding this case, please contact me at [redacted].

Even if you do not receive individualized notifications regarding this case, we will make our best efforts to ensure you are provided the rights and services to which you are entitled. You may contact the Victim/Witness Coordinator at the office listed above if you have questions about the progress of your case, your rights or the services to which you are entitled, or how you can assert them during the proceedings. If you believe that a Justice Department employee has not provided you with these rights, you may file a complaint with the Justice Department's Victims' Rights Ombudsman. For more information, go to http://www.justice.gov/usao/resources/crime-victims-rights-ombudsman. If you have questions about filing a complaint against an employee, you may contact the Ombudsman by email at usaeo.VictimOmbudsman@usdoj.gov. Questions concerning this case should be directed to office listed above.

It is important to keep in mind that the defendant(s) are presumed innocent until proven guilty and that presumption requires both the Court and our office to take certain steps to ensure that justice is served. While our office cannot act as your attorney or provide you with legal advice, you can seek the advice of an attorney with respect to the rights above or other related legal matters.

## Hearing Information

There currently is not a date set for a next court conference. If you wish to receive ongoing notifications regarding this case, including relating to scheduling matters, please contact me at the phone number or email listed above.

## Information Regarding the Victim Notification System (VNS)

If, and only if, you elect to receive additional notifications regarding this case, then through the Victim Notification System (VNS) we will continue to provide you with updated scheduling and event information as the case proceeds

EFTA00021814

through the criminal justice system.

Sincerely,

Audrey Strauss (Acting)
United States Attorney

If you do not want to receive email notifications from the Victim Notification System (VNS) please log into the VNS Web site at https://www.notify.usdoj.gov, select "My Information", remove your email address and click the "update" button. If you remove your email address, you will continue to receive letters from VNS except in those case which have large numbers of victims. To change your email address, select "My Information", provide a new address and click the "update" button.

If you do not want to receive any notifications in your case, select "Stop Receiving Notifications" and follow the instructions on the screen.

If you believe you have received this email in error, please contact the office listed at top of the email message.

Please note, if this is the first notification you have received from VNS you will need to wait 4-8 hours from receipt of this email before you can login to the VNS Internet site (https://www.notify.usdoj.gov). In addition, it will also be 4-8 hours before any documents which may have been uploaded to VNS as part of this notification are available under the "Downloads/Links" section on the Web page.

Please call the Victim Notification System (VNS) Help Desk at phone number 1 [redacted] for assistance and questions.

EFTA00021815