EFTA00023239

From: _______________________________________________________________________

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: FW: Epstein financials

Date: Tue, 08 Oct 2019 15:31:19 +0000

FYI

From: Goldstein, Matthew <matthew.goldstein@nytimes.com>

Sent: Tuesday, October 08, 2019 10:15

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: Epstein financials

ICYM missed our story from last week I am sending it to you as we will continue report out the mystery of Epstein's financial operation on the Virgin Islands which benefited from a incredibly lucrative tax break afforded by US and Virgin Islands law.

The biggest question remains the $200 million that Epstein's Southern Trust took in as revenue and made in profits -- in the years after his Florida conviction. We remain committed to getting to the bottom of this puzzling influx of cash. Is there any guidance the office can provide that there is interest in the financial issues raised by the Epstein affair, even after his death.

Finally we have been told that the offices of Southern Trust were searched on Aug. 12-- the same day authorities search Epstein's island residence. Can you confirm?

We also have been told by an eyewitness that two weeks before Epstein's arrest, there were several large garbage bags with shredded documents seen outside the office door to Southern Trust. Do you know anything about this?

If nothing else, I hope we can engage some discussion on these issues. As much as we are committed to solving the many mysteries of Epstein's financial business, we want to separate fact from fiction and fact from Internet conspiracies

best

matt

https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/03/business/jeffrey-epstein-southern-trust.html

Matthew Goldstein
The New York Times
(w) 212-556-1665
(c) 347-843-9938
@mattgoldstein26</matthew.goldstein@nytimes.com>