From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: Epstein IML violation
Date: Thu, 20 Feb 2020 15:22:49 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

FWIW.

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 10:22 AM
To: 'Thomas Volscho' &lt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein IML violation

Apologies for not returning your original email, we spoke on an incredibly hectic day.

Thank you for your inquiry, we'll decline to comment.

Public Affairs
United States Department of Justice
U.S. Attorney's Office | Southern District of New York
| Mobile: | Press Office: |

From: Thomas Volscho &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, February 20, 2020 10:14 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Epstein IML violation

Hi ,

I am following up on my previous email. Is there a time frame for responding?

Thanks,
Tom Volscho

On Thu, Feb 13, 2020 at 4:13 PM Thomas Volscho &lt;&gt; wrote:

Hi ,

I am a journalist that works with ABC News and simultaneously a sociology professor (CUNY / College of Staten Island) doing research on the Epstein case for an academic study in criminology.

Thank you for your email address. Below is a screenshot of a page from the USMS investigation report from 1/8/19 I mentioned on the phone.

EFTA00023281

It appears the USAO of the SDNY suspected that Mr. Epstein was not disclosing all his international travel. I would like to ask about that.

- What made the SDNY believe that Epstein may have been violating IML?
- Were there prior reports that he may have violated IML?
- Were there other investigations of Epstein's compliance with his obligations as a sex offender of concern to the SDNY or DOJ over the years?

- In my review of Jeffrey Epstein's flight logs obtained from the FAA, the two flights, one to Vienna, Austria and the second to Monaco, were not logged in FAA records.
- Was there any indication that Epstein took steps to conceal certain flights from being tracked by U.S. authorities? (the Vienna and Monaco flights were picked up from "crowd-sourcing").
- Does the SDNY believe Epstein had advanced knowledge he would be arrested?
- Would the SDNY provide any reports detailing how the FBI and NYPD took him into custody...details about the arrest itself? (e.g., Before or after he went through customs?)

Thank you kindly for your help,

Tom Volscho

(b) (6), (b) (7)(C), (b) (7)(F)

U.S. Department of Justice
United States Marshals Service

|  REPORT OF INVESTIGATION |   | Page 1 of 1  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  1. FID: 10127184
CASE: CC-1900-0108-2923-G | 2. DATE OF REPORT: 01/08/2019 | 3. REPORTED
BY
AT: W00  |
|  4. SUBJECT NAME: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD |   |   |
|  5. MERGED FIDS: |   |   |
|  6. TYPE OF REPORT:
[ ] REPORT OF ELECTRONIC INTERCEPTION
[ ] COLLATERAL LEAD
[ ] WITNESS INTERVIEW
[ ] ADMINISTRATIVE SUBPOENA
[ ] CS REQUEST | [ ] ARREST/CLOSE
[ ] INTELLIGENCE UPDATE
[ ] MEMORANDUM TO FILE
[ ] DUE DILIGENCE
[x] OTHER: (APPROVAL FOR INVESTIGATION)  |   |
|  7. HOURS WORKED:  |   |   |

Jeffrey EPSTEIN was referred to the USMS IML Unit by the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York as a convicted Sex Offender from the state of Florida who travels frequently internationally and may have not reported all his International travel as required by International Megan's Law.

EPSTEIN was convicted in 2008 in the state of Florida of procuring a person under the age of 18 for prostitution, sentenced to 13 months incarceration and is required for life as a sex offender in the state of Florida.

EPSTEIN is currently registered as a sex offender in the US Virgin Islands as his primary address and he has secondary addresses in Florida, NY, New Mexico, and Paris France. In NY state, EPSTEIN is classified as a Level 3 sex offender (highest-risk) with a lifetime registrant requirement.

Investigation reveals EPSTEIN travels Internationally quite frequently using private planes and may have failed to report all his International travel. Based upon this information, a MS04 investigation has been initiated to determine if EPSTEIN is in Violation of Title 18 Section 2250(b) regarding his failure to report International travel. End of Report

Dr. Thomas Volscho
ABC News Investigative Unit
40 Overlook Ave
West Orange, NJ 07052

EFTA00023282