EFTA00020899

From: " " " " " " " " "
To: " " " " " " " " "
Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Re: laptop for MDC
Date: Mon, 02 Nov 2020 19:59:34 +0000

As king as we are clear we don't know the timeline for this, that sounds fine to me.

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 2, 2020, at 2:29 PM, " " " " " " " " " wrote:

Good with me emailing the defense to let them know we are working on getting a laptop?

From: " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " "

Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 2:04 PM
To: " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " "
Cc: " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " "
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

The laptop purchase request went to " " " this morning. We need to verify some of the spec to ensure we purchased one that will work for your needs and was available. I will follow up with " " " to get a delivery date.

Once we receive it we will need a day or two to configure and install the software. Friday maybe a tight date to make. Let you know when I know more.

From: " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " "
Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 12:20 PM
To: " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " "
Cc: " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " "
Subject: Re: laptop for MDC

Hi " ",

Hope you're doing well. Has the laptop arrived? The warden has approved our request to give the defendant this laptop, and we would like to have it ready by the end of the week if at all possible. If you have any questions, I can be reached at " " " anytime today. Thanks so much for your help with this project.

Best,

" " "

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 2:44 PM, " " " " " " " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " wrote:

It sure we will research one tonight and place the order tomorrow. It depends on availability and delivery. Do we have a copy of the data that goes with the drive?

Also with the ever changing policies in BOP, can you confirm that they will allow her to have a laptop. Not sure the rules at MDC.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 2:22 PM, □□□□□□□□□□□□ wrote:

Perfect, thanks so much. How long would you estimate that will take?

From: □□□□□□ (USANYS) <fcel> <fcel> <e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:20 PM
To: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Cc: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

We will spec out a laptop to purchase for this case.

From: □□□□□□□□□□□□
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:09 PM
To: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Cc: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

Thanks so much.

From: □□□□□□ (USANYS) <fcel> <e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:06 PM
To: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Cc: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

Let me discuss with Ed the best options. get back to you shortly.

From: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:58 PM
To: □□□□□□ (USANYS) <fcel> <e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e
Cc: □□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□□

Hi □□□

I hope you're doing well. Because of some discovery accessibility issues we're having in the Ghislaine Maxwell case, we would like to provide a clean laptop to Maxwell in MDC for discovery review purposes. The laptop need only permit review of standard files – word, pdf, .tif, .xls, etc. All other capabilities and programs can be disabled. I understand we did something similar in the Avenatti case, and we'd like to do the same here. Would that be possible? It would be a huge help to us if you could possibly prep and provide us with a laptop for this purpose.

Thanks so much—

EFTA00020900</e></fcel></e></e></e></e>