From:
To:
Subject: FW: Corruption and Ghislaine
Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 18:03:12 +0000
Attachments: EpsteinO'ConnellMaxwell.pdf; BILL_O'CONNELLChildRapeVictim.pdf

I think this is a repeat?
Pls handle.

From: Elle K &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 12:41 PM
To:
Subject: Corruption and Ghislaine

Hi,

My name is Lisa Kenney and I reside in NH. I have been reporting a group of wealthy MA real estate developers, nightclub and restaurant owners, along with rogue police who cater to them, donate for them, and seemingly offer private police services to them.

One of the MA troopers is the brother of the nightclub owners and he's close to pedophile wealthy developer Wm. O'Connell. (arrested for statutory rape and cocaine trafficking)

I have come across new information which leads me to believe the above group is tied to Epstein, and even Ghislaine, but definitely the million dollar homes where she lived and the LLC's connected to them.

I have attached these documents on both a Google doc and PDF file for your viewing.

I know this group, with the exception of the pedophile and nightclub owners, because I was married to one I divorced over twenty years ago, I dated another, and socialized with them. I have been compiling their corruption for over ten years and have received enormous amounts of abuse and crimes committed against me for doing so, and LE hasn't done one thing to stop them.

But, I'm still here sending my reports on them, and they're still issuing threats. They frequently tell me they will continue the abuse and destruction to my property as long as I keep reporting them and their ties to nightclub owners, political policing, O'Connell, and obvious money laundering.

This pedophile's victim was killed in a fiery crash one week before his trial was to begin, so he got off those charges. But the similarities between both he and Epstein are astounding, and I'm sure they knew him.

Google docs

EFTA00021170

Epstein &amp; Ghislaine

Another wealthy predator who appears tied to Epstein and Ghislaine,
Wm OConnell doc.

See attached.

Thank you,
Lisa Kenney

EFTA00021171