From: " [Redacted] &gt;
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt; [Redacted] &gt;
Cc: [Redacted] &gt;

Subject: Re: USVI
Date: Wed, 05 Feb 2020 20:35:55 +0000

Got it, thank you.

On Feb 5, 2020, at 15:08, Sigrid McCawley &lt; [Redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hello [Redacted].

You may have already seen this but just in case you did not – on p. 13 of the attached which was filed by the Epstein Estate in the USVI you can see that Maxwell's lawyers at Haddon Morgan submitted a 621K bill to the estate for payment. As you know, Maxwell previously testified that Epstein was not paying for anything associated with her or any litigation.

Attached above.

Best,
Sigrid

Sigrid McCawley
Partner

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
[Redacted]
Fort Lauderdale, FL. 33301
(t)
(m)
www.bsflp.com

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

<ds account.pdf="" first="" quarterly="" pdf="">

EFTA00021064</ds>