From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Epstein
Date: Fri, 09 Aug 2019 12:19:50 +0000

I got on the introductory call to [redacted] with [redacted], but I left her to run with SDFL documents. Check with her.

[Accorded, D.A., Attorney, SDNY]

On Aug 9, 2019, at 7:58 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Separately [redacted] the Miami Herald is reporting that [redacted], the lone remaining prosecutor on the 2007 Florida prosecution is leaving SDFL. Have you heard back from [redacted] yet on his efforts to track down whatever paper/hard copy materials she may have?

[https://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article233668342.html](https://www.miamiherald.com/news/state/florida/article233668342.html)

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 9, 2019, at 6:26 AM, McEnany, [redacted] wrote:

Note the blurb that the Florida governor ordered an inv into the Palm Beach PD handling of Epstein

[Redacted]

Begin forwarded message:

From: The Marshall Project <info@themarshallproject.org>
Date: August 8, 2019 at 7:41:03 AM EDT
To: [redacted]
Subject: Swept up by ICE
Reply-To: The Marshall Project <info@themarshallproject.org>

[Redacted] The Marshall Project

EFTA00021197</info@themarshallproject.org></info@themarshallproject.org>

EFTA00021198

Opening Statement
August 8, 2019

Edited by ANDREW COHEN

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEW
NEWSLETTER:

LIFE INSIDE

Life
Inside

Weekly essays by those who live
or work in the criminal justice
system, delivered to you.

PICK OF THE NEWS

Hundreds arrested in ICE raids at food processing plants in Mississippi.
Immigration agents Wednesday seized workers from seven work sites. BUZZFEED
Children were separated from their parents and each other as friends protested the choreographed raids. THE WASHINGTON POST Several companies were targeted, including Koch Foods, one of the biggest poultry processors in the nation. ASSOCIATED PRESS
Related: Officials say it might be the largest ever workplace sweep in a single state. THE NEW YORK TIMES

Thoughts, prayers, inaction. Despite broad public support for universal background checks for gun sales, GOP senators won't support legislation requiring them. THE WASHINGTON POST A federal "red flag" law, encouraging states to take guns away from people who pose a threat, may have a better chance of passage. ASSOCIATED PRESS Meanwhile, the Trump administration has expanded access to guns through regulatory actions. POLITICO Finally: White House rebuffed efforts by Homeland Security officials to aggressively fight domestic terrorism. CNN

A litany of grief, heroism and lost futures: Short histories of the lives and deaths of the shooting victims of El Paso. THE WASHINGTON POST The alleged El Paso gunman gets a seasoned defense attorney as prosecutors, and maybe the feds too, prepare for a capital case. EL PASO TIMES Related: Along with gun violence comes a rise in false alarms and feelings of dread and anxiety. THE WASHINGTON POST Finally: Meet Glendon Oakley, a soldier who helped children escape the El Paso massacre. TASK AND PURPOSE

A real invasion, of guns heading south to Mexico. Gun-running Americans, who smuggle somewhere between 700 to 800 firearms into Mexico every day, are a big part of the reason why that country has high murder rates and low rates of successful law enforcement operations aimed at undercutting drug cartels. Lax state laws in Texas make the problem particularly acute there, or lucrative, depending on your point of view. ROLLING STONE Related: Mexico launches terror probe aimed at American shooter. SLATE

π Race, justice and death penalty bias. The North Carolina Supreme Court later this month will hold hearings in a case about the state's Racial Justice Act, an historic piece of legislation passed in 2009 that allowed death row inmates there to more aggressively challenge their sentences based on allegations of racial bias in a jurisdiction long known for it. Republican lawmakers repealed the law in 2013 and the question for the justices now is whether men who were released from death row before 2013 may be returned there. Jack Brook has our story, this time with a working link. THE MARSHALL PROJECT

N/S/E/W

Cyntoia Brown goes free. Released from a women's prison in Tennessee Wednesday morning, she spent 15 years for murdering a man she said was trafficking her for sex. Her life sentence, imposed at age 16, was commuted in January. NASHVILLE SCENE A few post-release obligations, including community service. THE TENNESSEAN TMP Context: Cyntoia Brown and our twisted system. THE MARSHALL PROJECT

How the "felony murder" rule works in Ohio. Police shoot and kill a robbery suspect and then charge his girlfriend with the murder, because, they say, she was in on his crimes.

EFTA00021199

THE NEW REPUBLIC TMP Context: Charged with murder without killing anyone. THE MARSHALL PROJECT

A federal grand jury in Louisiana indicted nearly two dozen people, including five guards at the state penitentiary at Angola, on drug-smuggling charges. (BATON ROUGE) ADVOCATE

A Utah judge this week began to hear testimony from lawyers for a death row inmate whose trial lawyer never called 16 witnesses who reportedly were prepared to offer "mitigating" testimony during the penalty phase of his 2015 capital trial. SALT LAKE CITY TRIBUNE

Florida's governor orders an investigation into the way local officials in Palm Beach handled the Jeffrey Epstein case. MIAMI HERALD

COMMENTARY

Terror is as terror does. When it comes to hate and deadly violence, what's the difference between white supremacists and Jihadis? THE NEW YORK TIMES Related: The link between gun violence and misogyny is a deadly mix we cannot ignore. USA TODAY No such thing as a "lone wolf" in the age of the internet. FIVETHIRTYEIGHT Time to shut down 8chan, the internet message board where shooters go to announce their plans. THE NEW YORK TIMES

El Paso to Trump: The hatred that led to gun violence didn't come from our city. EL PASO TIMES But it did follow a long line of white supremacist and nativist attacks against people of color in Texas. THE NEW YORK TIMES

Two ships passing in the night. Can the limitations of criminal proceedings ever be compatible with the requirements of good scientific methods? By Radley Balko. THE WASHINGTON POST

EFTA00021200

The People v. William Barr. When the Justice Department acts like a private law firm for a president trying to avoid accountability to Congress. SLATE

ETC.

Survey of the Day: All you ever wanted to know, and more, about the state of Texas' gun laws. Spoiler alert: Yearly gun sales doubled from 2013 to 2017. TEXAS TRIBUNE

Complaints of the Day: Police in Mesa, Arizona, aren't happy about the fact that they have to undergo training to identify and reduce their racial bias. CBS NEWS

Open Letter of the Day: Dear Walmart, you have the power to do more to stop gun violence like the type that shattered one of your stores in El Paso. THE NEW YORK TIMES

Funeral of the Day: For a dog named "Jake," who lived and died looking for drugs in Alabama prisons. The ceremony was elaborate, and costly, and raises questions about the way prison officials mistreat or disrespect the families of inmates who die in custody. AL.COM

Want less email? Update your preferences.

This email was sent to john.mcenany@usdoj.gov
why did I get this? unsubscribe from this list update subscription preferences
The Marshall Project · 156 West 56th Street · Suite 701 · New York, NY 10019 · USA
EFTA00021201