From: " " " &gt;" <a href="mailto:""><a href="mailto:""></a> </a> <a href="mailto:""><a href="mailto:""></a> </a> </a> <a href="mailto:"">" </a></a>,"

Subject: FW: Protective Order

Date: Thu, 23 Jul 2020 03:19:51 +0000

Attachments: 2020-07-
03_GM_protective_order_for_discovery_(AJN)_Revised_Defense_Edits_07.22.2020.docx; 2020-07-
03_GM_protective_order_for_discovery_(AJN)_Revised_Defense_Edits_07.22.2020)_Clean_Copy.docx

Inline-Images: image001.png; image003.jpg

---

Am I losing my mind, or are these the exact same document? I don't see the redline.

From: Christian Everdell <a href="mailto:""><a href="mailto:"></a> </a>

Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 8:13 PM

To: <a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"></a> </a>; <a href="mailto:"></a>; <a href="mailto:"></a>; </a>; </a>; <a href="mailto:"></a>;

Cc: Mark S. Cohen <a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:</a>; Jeff Pagliuca <a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:"><a href="mailto:</a>; 'Laura Menninger' <a href="mailto:"></a></a></a></a></a></td>

Subject: Protective Order

---

Attached is a revised draft of the defense's proposed Protective Order (including a redline against the government's original draft and a clean version). We did our best to incorporate the points we discussed on our last call on Monday, July 20 and to find points of common ground and agreement. Please let us know by 5pm tomorrow whether the attached draft is acceptable to the Government.

Regards,

Chris

Christian Everdell

COHEN &amp; GRESSER LLP

800 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022

<a href="http://www.cohengresser.com">www.cohengresser.com</a>

New York | Seoul | Paris | Washington DC | London

<c>

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you.

PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: <a href="https://www.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy">.

EFTA00021769

EFTA00021770