EFTA00003109

TRANSMITT REID

THIS INSERTION, made this 11 day of August, 1991, BETWEEN VALERIE CHOJOE MANSON MUTTING, ALAN CHOJOE, BANNAH CHOJOE, SHEILY CHOJOE MOLANA, BETTY CHOJOE a/k/a MARY ELIZABETH CHOJOE, HENRY VAN MEYERHOUT WILLES, JOHN VAN MEYERHOUT THOMAS, JACQUELINE VAN MEYERHOUT SCHUIZ, JULIETTE CHOJOE, WILLIAM CRAVER CHOJOE, MARY ALICE WOSSHOFF, CHRISTIAN VOLLENTINE HANKS, JR., by their Attorney-in-fact, CHOJOE ESTATES, INC., party of the first part and ANCH W. COMWIN of 19 East 50th Street, New York, New York 10028, party of the second part

WITNESSETH, that the party of the first part, in consideration of FOUR HUNDRED SEVENTY THOUSAND and 50/100 (1470.000) DOLLARS and other valuable consideration paid by the party of the second part, does hereby grant, sell, convey and release unto the party of the second part, the heirs or successors and assigns of the party of the second part forever, in fee simple absolute.

All that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with all buildings and improvements thereon that may presently exist, described as

3/22/1991

LITTLE ST. JAMES ISLAND
No. 58 Red Book Quarter
U.S. Virgin Islands

THOOTHER with the appurtenances thereunto belonging and all the estate, title and rights of the party of the first part in and to said premises.

SUBJECT, HOWEVER, to zoning regulations, to covenants, restrictions and easements of record, to Virgin Islands laws and to United States laws.

TO HAVE AND TO SOLD the premises herein granted unto the party of the second part, the heirs, successors and assigns of the party of the second part forever, in fee simple absolute.

AND the party of the first part covenants and warrants as follows:

1. That said party of the first part is seized of the said premises in fee simple, and has good right to convey same;
2. That the party of the second part shall quietly enjoy the said premises;
3. That the said premises are free from encumbrances, except as aforesaid;
4. That the party of the first part will execute or procure any further necessary assurance of the title to said premises; and
5. That said party of the first part will forever warrant and defend the title to said premises.

WILLIAM CRAVER CHOJOE
ATTORNEY OF THE UNITED STATES
1991 10TH AUGUST 1991 10TH AUGUST 1991
10TH AUGUST 1991 10TH AUGUST 1991

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the party of the first part has duly executed this land the day and year first above written.

IN THE PRESENCE OF:

[Handwritten signature: "Deane M. Walker"]
[Handwritten signature: "Marion E. Mucker"]
[Handwritten signature: "William C. Mucker"]

VALERIE CHOJOE MANSON MUTTING, ALAN CHOJOE, BANNAH CHOJOE LACTREE, SHEILY CHOJOE MOLANA, BETTY CHOJOE a/k/a MARY ELIZABETH CHOJOE, HENRY VAN MEYERHOUT WILLES, JOHN VAN MEYERHOUT THOMAS, JACQUELINE VAN MEYERHOUT SCHUIZ, HENRY VAN MEYERHOUT THOMAS, JULIETTE CHOJOE, WILLIAM CRAVER CHOJOE, MARY ALICE WOSSHOFF, CHRISTIAN VOLLENTINE HANKS, JR., by their Attorney-in-fact, CHOJOE ESTATES, INC.

BY [Handwritten signature: "Alba L. Leaguer"]
President

ATTEST [Handwritten signature: "Charles V. Homan"]
TREASURER [Handwritten signature: "J. H. Homan"]
(NAME)

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

TERRITORY OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
( ss:
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS &amp; ST. JOHN )

On this the 11 day of August, 1991, personally appeared ALAN CHOJOE, President of Oregon Estates Inc., known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed as president of Oregon Estates, Inc., Attorney in Fact for VALERIE CHOJOE MANSON MUTTING, ALAN CHOJOE, BANNAH CHOJOE LACTREE, SHEILY CHOJOE MOLANA, BETTY CHOJOE a/k/a MARY ELIZABETH CHOJOE, HENRY VAN MEYERHOUT WILLES, JOHN VAN MEYERHOUT THOMAS, JACQUELINE VAN MEYERHOUT SCHUIZ, HENRY VAN MEYERHOUT SCHUIZ, HENRY VAN MEYERHOUT SCHUIZ, JULIETTE CHOJOE, WILLIAM CRAVER CHOJOE, MARY ALICE WOSSHOFF, CHRISTIAN VOLLENTINE HANKS, JR., and she acknowledged herself to be the president of Oregon Estates, Inc., a corporation and that she as such president, being authorized so to do, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained, by signing the name of the corporation by herself as president of the corporation as the act of said corporation's principals for the purposes therein contained.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal.

[Handwritten signature: "Robert J. Public"]
[Handwritten signature: "Robert J. Public"]

NOTED IN THE PUBLIC TERRITORY HOLDER
FOR COURT RECIST: 1991 10TH AUGUST 1991
DISTRICT OF ST. THOMAS &amp; ST. JOHN
[Handwritten: "10TH AUGUST 1991 10TH AUGUST 1991"]
[Handwritten: "10TH AUGUST 1991 10TH AUGUST 1991 10TH AUGUST 1991]

[Handwritten: "Robert J. Public" with signature]