EFTA00001499

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
For the
Southern District of New York
In the Matter of the Search of
(Snip), also in the property is in question
or already the person by name and address:
Dan Attachment A

19MAG 6439
Case No. 15-CL-490 (85400)

SEARCH AND SEIZURE WARRANT

To: Any authorized law enforcement officer

An application by a federal law enforcement officer or an attorney for the government requests the search
of the following person or property located in the Southern District of New York
(already the person or place in the property of the state or the state in which it is located)

Dan Attachment A

The person or property in the searched, identified above, is believed to consist of an
or is an agent.

Dan Attachment A

The search and seizure are related to violation(s) of these existing statutes:

Title 10, United States Code, Sections 371 and 1501

I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person
property.

FOR ARE COMMANDED to execute this warrant on or before
July 12, 2010

☑ In the daytime 4:00 a.m. to 10 p.m.
at any time in the day or night as I find reasonable cause for
established

Unless delayed notice is authorized below, you must give a copy of the warrant and a receipt for the property
taken to the person from whom, at from whose premises, the property was taken, or taken the copy and receipt of
place where the property was taken.

The officer executing this warrant, or an officer present during the execution of the warrant, must present
investigations as required by law and promptly return this warrant and inventory to the Clerk of the Court.

☐ Upon its return, this warrant and inventory should be filed under seal by the Clerk of the Court.

☑ I find that immediate notification may have an adverse result listed in 18 U.S.C. § 2700 (except for delay
of trial), and authorize the officer executing this warrant to delay notice to the patient who, at whose property, will be
searched or seized (shall be appropriate for) ☐ Yes ☑ No
☐ Mail, the form justifying, the later specific date of

Date and time issued: 7-11-19
(11:50 AM)
Copy to: Attorney
Copy to: Deputy

City and state: New York, NY
Sign: Darryl Filman, U.S. Magistrate Judge
Printed in U.S. and U.S.

File 107 (Rev. 4-11-1910)
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Receipt for Property

Case No. 206-NJ-308941
On (date) 7/11/19
Age: 18
Name of Person
Address: 1000
Address: 1000
Address: 1000
Address: 1000
Address: 1000
Address: 1000

Date of Birth: 7-11-19
(11/11/19)
Today's Date: 7/11/19
(11/11/19)
Signing System

Signature of New (a)
Date

Received By: (Signature)
Printed Name/Title
Printed Name/T