EFTA00001886

|  Date of Collection
10/10/2008 | Official Signature
FIRST LEGAL, A MINOR
FOR PROSECUTION | 21.18 | P. O. BOX  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Are You Registered on a See Offerster in another State: [ ] NO [ X ] YES
If YES, which state: NEW YORK and at what LEVEL: X  |   |   |   |
|  SECTION III - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE BOARD
As a Sexual Offerster (Title 14 U.S.C. ยง 1721-1731) you are required by law to abide by the following:
1. Within three (3) business days of moving to or returning to the Virgin Islands you must register in the Virgin Islands and keep your registration current in each jurisdiction in which you reside, and in each jurisdiction where you are employed (including self-employment, non-compliantable and volunteer activities), and in each jurisdiction where you are a resident.
2. In the event there is a change in your name, employment, residence, temporary lodging information, vehicle information, or internal identifiers, you are required to appear in person at the Department of Justice not later than three (3) working days after each change.
3. In the event that you move outside of the United States Virgin Islands, you must register your new address with the Department of Justice before you leave and you must also register in your new state not later than three (3) business days after arrival there if your new state has a registration requirement.
4. In the event that you are traveling outside of the Virgin Islands your are in required to appear in person at the Department of Justice prior to your departure and provide your travel destination, dates of travel, places of arrival and departure, itinerary details, address, current telephone information, and premises of travel.
5. Depending on the type of sex offerter for which you have been convicted, you are required to appear in person at the Department of Justice to verify your information and to take a current photograph when necessary, [ ] every three (3) months. [ ] every six (6) months. [ ] every year.
6. Depending on the type of sex offerter for which you have been convicted, you are required to appear in person at the Department of Justice to verify your information and to take a current photograph when necessary, for a period of [ ] 10 years. [ ] 20 years. [ ] for life.
7. Failure to comply with these obligations set forth you in amortization for failure to register or update your registration pursuant to:
a. Virgin Islands Code, Title 14, Section 1730, punishable by a fine not less than $3,000 nor more than $5,000, or imprisonment for not less than three months nor more than two years, or both; and...
b. Federal Law, 18 U.S.C. Section 2250, punishable by up to 10 years of imprisonment.  |   |   |   |
|  Be Reminded that under Title 1 of the Adam Walsh Act entitled the "Sexual Offerster Registration and Notification Act (SORNA), all individuals convicted of a sex offense are required to register and keep their registration current in each jurisdiction where he or she resides, to an employee and is a student."
FAILURE TO DO SO MAY SUBJECT YOU TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION
YOUR NEXT REGISTRATION DATE: 03/05/2020  |   |   |   |
|  Registrant
Covers/anticipates that the above requirements as set forth have been explained to the
Signature of Registrar
Signature of Employer
Address | Whereas
I certify that I specifically affirmed the offender of his/her duties as set forth above and he indicated to me an understanding of those duties.
Signature of Registrar
Signature of Employer
Date of Birth
Day/night | 2/15/13  |   |

Ulysses also been advised, and understood, that failure to comply with these obligations subjects me to prosecution for failure to register or update my registration pursuant to:

1. Virgin Islands Code, Title 14, Section 1730, punishable by a fine not less than $3,000 nor more than $5,000, or imprisonment for not less than three months nor more than two years, or both; and...

2. Federal Law, 18 U.S.C. Section 2250, punishable by up to 10 years of imprisonment.

On this date, I was given a copy of this notification.

Signature of Recipient
Date

V002-5082