From: Jay Lefkowitz &lt; &gt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt; &gt;, "Roy Black" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (USAFLS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USAFLS)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Jane Does v. United States
Date: Wed, 08 Oct 2008 18:39:43 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thank you for sending this.

Jay

From: " (USAFLS)"
Sent: 10/08/2008 02:37 PM AST
To: &lt; &gt;; Jay Lefkowitz
Cc: " (USAFLS)" &lt; &gt;; " (USAFLS)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Jane Does v. United States

Dear Roy and Jay:

I am attaching the United States' Response to the Petitioners' Motion to Unseal the Non-Prosecution Agreement, which was filed in the victims' rights suit filed against the United States by Attorney Brad Edwards on behalf of two of the victims. In his motion to unseal, Attorney Edwards stated that he would provide notice of his motion to counsel for Mr. Epstein. I do not know if he actually did so.

In our response, we oppose the Petitioners' motion, and point out that Mr. Edwards has filed a civil suit against Mr. Epstein and that litigation regarding the Non-Prosecution Agreement is more appropriate in that forum where the real party in interest (Mr. Epstein) is a party to the suit.

&lt;<de29_081008_resp Motn="" unseal.pdf="" to="">&gt;

Assistant U.S. Attorney

Fax

***
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and

EFTA00014060</de29_081008_resp>

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00014061