EFTA00013258

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " ( )" &lt; &gt;, " " )"

Subject: Re: Epstein SW returns
Date: Mon, 12 Oct 2020 16:52:15 +0000

Hi ,

Thanks— from what I remember, the estate communicated with you directly about this, so I don't remember getting a list.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 12, 2020, at 12:38 PM,  &lt;  wrote:

Hi ,

Hope you're well too. Did Epstein's lawyers also give you the list of attorneys? And can you remind me who they are?

Thanks,

From:  &lt;  &gt;
Sent: Monday, October 12, 2020 11:50 AM
To:  &lt;  &gt;
Cc:  ( )  &lt;  &gt;;  &lt;  &gt;
Subject: Re: Epstein SW returns

Hi ,

Hope you're doing well, and thanks very much for your help with privilege issues for this review. In our review of this database, we have come across some communications (emails and reports) from private investigators— among others, an investigator named Roy Black. We are generally aware that Epstein hired private investigators in connection with a criminal investigation and related civil litigation in Florida.

We don't know whether these materials are privileged. Could you possibly confer with the estate attorneys to determine whether they are asserting a privilege over communications by private investigators? In the meantime, we will stop reviewing the database unless we hear from you otherwise.

Thanks very much,

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 12, 2020, at 10:53 AM,  &lt;  wrote:

Thanks very much,

From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Monday, October 12, 2020 10:51 AM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: RE: Epstein SW returns</td></tr></table>

The Goldberger hits have been moved out.

Thanks, <table>

From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Sunday, October 11, 2020 5:14 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: RE: Epstein SW returns</td></tr></table>

That is <table> email address. I'll ask to have the Goldberger hits pulled now and will let you know when they are moved out.

From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Sunday, October 11, 2020 12:52 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: Epstein SW returns</td></tr></table>

Hi <table><tr><td>For the Epstein search warrant database, I saw an email from the following email address that I wanted to flag for further privilege review, because it may belong to Jack Goldberger, who represented Epstein:</td></tr></table>

Thanks, <table><tr><td>☑</td></tr></table>

EFTA00013259