From: " (USAFLS)"  <o=usa ou="FLS/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN="">

To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: FW: Epstein - On behalf of Jay Lefkowitz and Ken Star

Date: Fri, 20 Jun 2008 18:37:14 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: Letter_to_J. Roth_from_S. Thacker.pdf; Response_to_FAUSA Letter.pdf; Summary_Of_Misconduct.pdf; Principal_Submission.pdf

fyi

From: Roth, John (ODAG) (SMO)

Sent: Friday, June 20, 2008 1:56 PM

To: (USAFLS); t (USAFLS)

Subject: FW: Epstein - On behalf of Jay Lefkowitz and Ken Star

This was just dropped on me. Given the volume of material, I think it will be best to wait until Monday to call Lefkowitz. Let me know if that upsets your plans too much.

From: Ami Sheth [mailto: ]

Sent: Friday, June 20, 2008 12:26 PM

To: Roth, John (ODAG)

Cc: Jay Lefkowitz; Kenneth Starr; Ken Starr

Subject: Epstein - On behalf of Jay Lefkowitz and Ken Star

Dear Mr. Roth,

As promised in yesterday's letter to you, we have attached the following documents to this email: (1) Principal Submission, (2) Summary of Misconduct, (3) Response to FAUSA Letter and (4) Response to CEOS's Letter by Stephanie Thacker.

We respectfully request and would greatly appreciate the opportunity to speak with you in person about this matter.

Kind Regards,

Kenneth W. Starr and Jay P. Lefkowitz

Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and

EFTA00013783</o=usa>

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00013784