From: "(USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: "(NYPD)" &lt;&gt;, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: 1As for 31E-MM-108062
Date: Wed, 29 Sep 2021 19:17:03 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: Copy_of_1A-Report_-_MM-108062_filtered_by_original_notes.xlsx

Hi [REDACTED]

Is it possible for you to please pull the 44 files listed in the attached spreadsheet as original notes and send them to us? Right now, the spreadsheet lists the date the files were acquired on, instead of the date of the corresponding interview; for us to compare the files against what we already have, we need – at a minimum – the dates the notes were written. If you could send us the files themselves, that would be easiest for us.

Please let me know if USAfx or a physical hard drive would be easiest for this, and I'm happy to coordinate. We'd also like this tomorrow or in the next few days, if possible, so that we may continue our review of the 3500 material as expeditiously as possible before our upcoming production deadline.

Happy to jump on a call to explain anything as needed, too. Thank you so much for your help!

From: "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 28, 2021 9:38 PM
To: "(USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;, "(USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

As part of our 3500 project, we asked the agents to send us the attached spreadsheet. We want to make sure we have produced the notes and reports of witness interviews. Can you please check the spreadsheet entries referring to original notes and compare them to what we have produced or will be producing in 3500? If anything is missing or we aren't sure, we will ask [REDACTED] for the notes to add to the production. Please let us know if you have any questions. If my email doesn't make sense, happy to hop on a call to explain.

Thanks!

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Date: September 28, 2021 at 6:50:20 PM EDT
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

EFTA00013395

Cc:
Subject: 1As for 31E-MM-108062

Attached is the 1A list for 31E-MM-108062. I added the disks the 1As are on, so you'll see that on the last column. Let me know if you have questions.

Special Agent
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
Desk

EFTA00013396