From:
To: "Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)"
Subject: RE:
Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2008 18:42:11 +0000
Importance: Normal

Won't he be surprised when  isn't part of the indictment.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

---Original Message---
From: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2008 1:20 PM
To:
Subject: Fw:

Fyi.

Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld

--- Original Message ---
From: Jay Lefkowitz &lt;
To: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)
Sent: Wed Jan 30 13:07:11 2008

Alex - I hope all is well. I miss not speaking to so regularly, although I assume it means we are both able to focus on some other matters.

I wanted to just give you a heads up. As you probably saw in the papers, Jeff Sloman's former law firm recently held a press conference to announce a 50 million dollar civil lawsuit against Epstein. They purportedly represent the father and stepmother of . In are light of this development, we probably have no alternative but to go ahead and notice deposition in accordance with state procedure in the near future. I am traveling today, but as you know, always reachable.

Best regards,
Jay

***
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

EFTA00013721

constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00013722