EFTA00013243

From: "____________________)" &lt;____________________&gt;
To: "____________________ (USANYS)" &lt;____________________&gt;
Cc: "____________________ (USANYS)" &lt;____________________&gt;, "____________________ (USANYS)" &lt;____________________&gt;, "____________________"

Subject: RE: Question re emails
Date: Sat, 10 Oct 2020 16:09:51 +0000

Thanks very much.

From: ________________________ (USANYS) &lt;____________________&gt;
Sent: Saturday, October 10, 2020 8:37 AM
To: ________________________ &lt;____________________&gt;
Cc: ________________________ (USANYS) &lt;____________________&gt;; ________________________ (USANYS) &lt;____________________&gt;; ________________________ &lt;____________________&gt;
Subject: Re: Question re emails

Thanks __________, we agree. First, this goes beyond what we said we would do or told the court we would do. Second, in any event, we are separately gathering any potentially relevant emails from the agent with victims or witnesses. Third, we have no reason to believe there were significant gaps in retention or collection for __________, such that we would expect that any of his emails with her would be in what we already have.

On Oct 9, 2020, at 9:05 PM, ________________________ &gt; wrote: ________________________

Chiefs,

Today, we spoke with SA __________, one of the original FBI agents from the Florida investigation of Epstein. __________ told us he has a number of emails with AUSA __________ regarding the case. Our view is that we do not need to collect those emails from __________ because we have already received thousands of __________ emails, which were collected by OPR and should encompass any emails with the FBI about the Epstein case. __________ is going to send us any emails he received from victims or witnesses. We also discussed other documents __________ has in his possession from the Epstein investigation and asked him to send us any that sounded potentially discoverable.

Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss.

Thanks,