To:
From: Jeffrey Epstein
Sent: Sun 1/24/2010 3:37:45 PM (UTC)
Subject: Re:

what is exaggerated. or inaccurate. . you and i see things differently. ok. enough

On Sun, Jan 24, 2010 at 10:36 AM, &gt; wrote:

For the record, this email is again your skewed recollection of events, many of which are exaggerated or inaccurate, not reality.
You had told me repeatedly you didn't need me until 5. I asked endlessly if I could help in the morning and when I returned. I came many times and offered you and your guest refreshments', food, I made dinner..

From: Jeffrey Epstein
To:
Sent: Sun, January 24, 2010 5:45:29 AM
Subject:

yesterday was emblematic of what appears to be an impossible situation. I told you i had a guest coming that i had looked forward to meeting for years. I told you the time he was to come.. You refused to tell me if you had confirmed your flying, and if so the time you were to fly and or return,, though i have asked repeatedly not to be served restaurant food, you asked me only about menus for lunch. You left without asking or even saying goodbye, You had a great classic, a great flying day with my great pilot that i arranged for. you, I introduced you to him, in a way that you asked . you refused to tell me when you were to return, you didnot ask if you could help serve lunch, , could you cook anything( soup ) for lunch, could you help with my guest, you focused on , , you came home and made a fuss calling her a funcking cunt, stamoing aorund the house, all you did was give me a hard time ,I suggested you ask her or me any questions that was on your mind, your refused, saying we both would lie, then you tell me could see it right away, I did not attack you for something could see. but when makes the same comment about your behavior, you view it soley as my doing. you have only been here only three days . you have broken your promise every day except my birthday , which i did have a great day. thank you. I did not lose my temper, I did not sleep/ this is very, very unfair. You focus on not wanting a record without proposing an alternative solution. it is sad/ i will send home , i had intended her staying until wed. as i told you last night , soley in response to your actions i already canceled I am very unhappy with this situation. I tried. i really tried.

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

EFTA00011527

constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to [redacted], and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00011528