From: "Lilly Ann Sanchez"
To:
Subject: sorry
Date: Tue, 11 Mar 2008 20:18:22 +0000
Importance: Normal

i am writing to you because i feel badly about the fact that you might be upset with my handling of the jeffrey epstein matter. you and i have known each other for a long time and i consider you a friend. i truly apologize if you believe that i somehow overstepped the bounds. as i said at the meeting, i was trying to protect the Office, not offend you. hope you are well.

Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esq.
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A.
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor
1395 Brickell Avenue
Miami, Florida 33131-3302

**TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. If you would like such advice, please contact us.***

***Attention: The information contained in this E-mail message is attorney privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.

EFTA00013725