EFTA00013305

From: " " " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;
To: " " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;, " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Cc: " " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;, " " " (USANYS)"

Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Wed, 30 Dec 2020 18:18:47 +0000

[Redacted] and [Redacted].

See below. Please let me know when you have time to discuss.

Thanks,

[Redacted]

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

[Redacted]

From: [Redacted] &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 1:16 PM
To: [Redacted] &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Cc: [Redacted] &lt;---&gt; &gt;, [Redacted] (USANYS) &lt;---&gt; &gt;;

Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

[Redacted] -

MDC Legal continues to provide inaccurate information.
Contrary to the information provided to you as recited in your email of 12/29-
"MDC legal counsel confirmed that no staff member has ever directed
Ms. Maxwell to remain in a particular location within her isolation cell.
They confirmed that staff understand that no such directions should be given."
last evening (12/29), Ms. Maxwell was instructed by guards not to stand
on either corner of her isolation cell, not to stand to the left or right of the toilet and sink,
and not to stand within 2.5 feet of the door to the cell.
She was told that if she did not comply with this directive, she would receive a disciplinary sanction.

In addition, she is not receiving food designated on the menu.

Further, the discovery disc provided does not work on the MDC computer; and the computer
reports multiple errors indicating it cannot accommodate disc.
Consequently, a replacement disc and/or replacement computer is required.
Please let us know of the status of hard drive containing complete production;
its immediate production could eliminate the disc issue.

Your assistance is appreciated.

New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

**Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.**

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of [redacted]

that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00013306