From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

To: "ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG" &lt;, "KATHERINE W. EZELL" &lt;

Cc: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Bcc: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein

Date: Tue, 30 Dec 2008 15:41:33 +0000

Importance: Normal

Not exactly. Mr. Epstein is only supposed to go directly from jail to work and back. If he deviates from that route, right now no alarms will go off unless, during that deviation, he enters an exclusionary zone. If, for example, his driver breaks the rules and takes him for a tour of Royal Palm Beach while en route to Mr. Goldberger's office, and that tour takes him near one of the programmed addresses, the alarm will go off. I don't know what the radius is for the exclusionary zone, but, if the alarm were to go off, Mr. Epstein would know that he is near one of the prohibited places, but wouldn't know whose address it was and whether the address was their home, place of work, or place of study.

If you need more detail, I will need to reach out to Captain Sleeth, and I am happy to do so.

Thank you.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone

Fax

From: ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG [mailto: ]

Sent: Monday, December 29, 2008 5:32 PM

To: (USAFLS); KATHERINE W. EZELL;

Cc: (USAFLS)

Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein

If I understand you, Epstein will know "the exclusionary zone" - he has to know it in order to stay away from it - but he won't know whose home, office, or hangout it is. Am I correct?

--- Original Message ---

From: (USAFLS) &lt;

To: ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG; KATHERINE W. EZELL; Brad Edwards

Cc: (USAFLS) &lt;

Sent: Mon Dec 29 17:16:03 2008

Subject: Jeffrey Epstein

EFTA00014026

Dear Messrs. Josefsberg, Edwards, Scarola, Herman, Kuvin, Dutko, and Willits and Ms. Ezell:

Ms. Ezell contacted me to inquire whether Mr. Epstein will be told of the names or addresses of any victims who ask to be added to Mr. Epstein’s “exclusionary zones” on his GPS system. Captain Sleeth from the Palm Beach Sheriff’s Office informs me that the information will remain confidential and will not be provided to Mr. Epstein.

Captain Sleeth has asked that all such requests go through me rather than directly to him. If any of your clients would like to have their work, school, or home addresses added to the list of exclusionary zones, please let me know.

Thank you.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone

Fax

EFTA00014027