EFTA00011048

From: " (USANYS)"
To: " (USANYS) 1"
Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt; (USANYS) 6" (USANYS) [Contractor]

Subject: RE: Press release for tomorrow
Date: Fri, 23 Apr 2021 16:30:40 +0000

Thanks. Sorry to bother, but do you have any indication as to when? (Our SEC counterparts have been continuously asking.)

And for what it's worth (I realize this is out of our control) anything after Ghislaine Maxwell's arraignment at 2:30 won't get much attention.

From: (USANYS) 1
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 12:25 PM
To: (USANYS)
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; (USANYS) [Contractor]
&gt;: (USANYS) 6
Subject: Re: Press release for tomorrow

I will. I understand there is a delay in the presentment.

Sent from my iPhone

On Apr 23, 2021, at 10:58 AM, (USANYS) wrote:

Great. , you'll let us know when this is ready to be issued? Thanks.

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 10:11 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; (USANYS) [Contractor]
Cc: (USANYS) 6
Subject: RE: Press release for tomorrow

Looks good to me. Thanks!

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 9:10 AM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; (USANYS) 1
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; (USANYS) 6
Subject: RE: Press release for tomorrow

Attaching the [redacted] approved draft (with very minor edits) for final unit approval. Thanks.

From: [redacted] (USANYS) [Contractor]
Sent: Friday, April 23, 2021 9:02 AM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) 1 [redacted] &gt; [redacted] (USANYS)
Cc: [redacted] (USANYS) [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] (USANYS)
[redacted] (USANYS) 6 [redacted]
Subject: Re: Press release for tomorrow

SEC says they think they'll be ready shortly after 11.

[redacted] Chief Public Information Officer
U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY
[redacted] (office)
[redacted] (cell)

On Apr 22, 2021, at 6:25 PM, [redacted] (USANYS) 1 [redacted] &gt; wrote:

[redacted]

USPIS made an unexpectedly early arrest this afternoon in a securities case. The defendant will be presented tomorrow morning in Florida and we'd like to release simultaneously with the SEC, which is filing a parallel complaint, shortly after the presentment if possible. Attached is a PR, approved by [redacted]. I took a stab at the [redacted] quote, but happy to have you work your magic. Sorry for the tight turn on this one. Please let me know of any comments/questions.

Thanks,

[redacted]

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
P: [redacted]
F: [redacted]

<franzone amg="" arrest="" approved.docx="">
&lt;21 MAG 4261 SEALED [redacted] 2021.04.19 Complaint Final.pdf&gt;

EFTA00011049</franzone>