EFTA00011501

From:
To: "(USANYS)" &lt;
Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt;, "
"(USANYS)" &lt;, "
[Contractor] &lt;, "

Subject: RE: SDFL Epstein-related documents
Date: Tue, 25 Aug 2020 13:30:59 +0000
Attachments: Epstein_box_inventory_8-21-2020.pdf

Hello

I can do a call this afternoon. Any time between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. is best. Alternatively, I am available tomorrow during the same time period. Let me know which time is more convenient for you and your team. If these times don't work, let me know and we will work out an alternate time.

In the meantime, we have all the materials in a secure room on our second floor in West Palm Beach. There are the case files and also boxes of files that were gathered for the OPR inquiry. We have an inventory of our materials and also OPR has their own inventory of the materials.

When OPR was here earlier, we had a scanner on that floor dedicated for their exclusive use. They were able to scan the documents that they wanted and have those documents sent directly to their own DOJ accounts. I was overseas at the time on detail, but I was told that this worked rather well.

A copy of our inventory is attached.

I look forward to assisting you in this matter.

Best regards,

Managing Assistant United States Attorney
West Palm Beach Regional Office – SDFL

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Tuesday August 25, 2020 9:00 AM
To:
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;, "
"(USANYS)" &lt;, "
[Contractor] &lt;, &gt;

Subject: SDFL Epstein-related documents

We supervise the team in New York that is currently prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell, and suggested we reach out to you. As discussed briefly with , we are hoping to locate the boxes of documents and other records

regarding the prior SDFL investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his co-conspirators that we understand are currently being stored in the West Palm Beach office. In particular, we would like to make arrangements to review and scan those materials in connection with our own case, and suggested that we touch base with you on how best to do so.

I've copied the trial team here. Please let us know if you have time for a call in the near future to discuss further. Alternatively, if there is a more appropriate point of contact on this issue, please feel free to point us in that direction.

Thanks very much,

Chief, Public Corruption Unit
U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York

EFTA00011502