From: ___________________________________________________________
To: ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ____________________________________________________________, _______________
Subject: Re: FW: RE:
Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2018 01:37:07 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks. We are meeting with the case agents on Thursday to discuss next steps and will report back to discuss the plan.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 4, 2018, at 8:27 PM, ___________________________________________________________ wrote:

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 8:27 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________,
Cc: ____________________________________________________________, _______________
Subject: Re: RE:

In case you hadn't seen it yet. Notable was reference to the sealed Federal indictment. I hadn't realized that he had already been indicted when he got the deal.

https://www-m.cnn.com/2018/12/04/politics/jeffrey-epstein-lawsuit-settled/index.html?r=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnn.com%2F

Assistant Special Agent in Charge
New York Field Office

Original message

From: ___________________________________________________________
Date: 11/30/18 2:38 PM (GMT-05:00)
To: ___________________________________________________________,
Cc: ____________________________________________________________, _______________
Subject: RE: RE:

Yes, we can do that

EFTA00009977

From:
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 2:33 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: RE:

Can you all can call my desk ( ) from one conference room? If that won't work, I'll get a call in number and put that out to everyone.

From:
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 2:10 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: RE:

330 is good.

From:
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 1:39 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: RE:

Either of those times work for me. and I have a meeting at 2 so 3:30 would be better if possible.

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 30, 2018, at 1:35 PM, wrote:

All,
We've been able to gather some information on the Jeff Epstein matter and I'd suggest we have a call to determine the way forward. Does 3:00 or 3:30 today work?

From:
Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 4:40 PM
To:
Subject: FW:

From: [mailto:
Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 1:36 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject:

EFTA00009978

Have you seen this article?

https://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/article220097825.html

Have any insight? From the article is sounds like he cooperated in a financial fraud case and was non-prosd.

☐ and I can chat whenever.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Human Trafficking Co-Coordinator
Violent &amp; Organized Crime
Southern District of New York

EFTA00009979