From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Follow up

Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2007 21:29:07 +0000

Importance: Normal

-- My understanding was that Jay would not be attending the change of plea, so his availability shouldn't have dictated the guilty plea date. Since we have agreed to the date change, can you please confirm with Jay that this will not effect the date when Epstein begins serving his sentence? Thank you.

From: (USAFLS)

Sent: Thu 10/18/2007 4:39 PM

To: Jay Lefkowitz

Cc: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)

Subject: RE: Follow up

The change of plea will take place on November 20. Agreed.

---Original Message---

From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto: ]

Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2007 4:35 PM

To: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)

Cc: (USAFLS)

Subject: Re: Follow up

Alex - Thanks.

, are we all set?

Jay

--- Original Message ---

From: "Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)" [ ]

Sent: 10/18/2007 12:15 PM AST

To: Jay Lefkowitz

Cc: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Follow up

-- Can you see any issues with this? If not, please confirm with Jay.

---Original Message---

From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto: ]

Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2007 10:12 AM

To: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)

Subject: Follow up

EFTA00013696

Alex - I wanted to thank you for making the time for breakfast Friday. It was great to catch up.

Following up on our conversation about the date for Mr. Epstein's plea, where you said that you didn't want to dictate a schedule to the state, as we discussed I have a case where I represent an individual who is now the lead witness for the government, and openings are set for next week. Accordingly, I have now confirmed with Mr. Epstein's Florida counsel that the state's attorney's office and the court will be available to have him enter his plea on November 20. So we will plan to proceed on one that date. Please confirm that this is ok.

Thanks, Jay

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00013697