From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: A new lawsuit against Epstein
Date: Wed, 06 Feb 2008 21:40:10 +0000
Importance: Normal

Have there been any other vaguely threatening communications from Jay, et al?

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax 561 820-8777

From: (USAFLS)
Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 4:39 PM
To: (USAFLS)
Subject: RE: A new lawsuit against Epstein

I saw it.

# South Florida Sun-Sentinel.com

## Palm Beach billionaire faces second sex-assault lawsuit

By Nancy Othón

Sun-Sentinel.com

12:01 PM EST, February 6, 2008

Billionaire and part-time Palm Beach resident Jeffrey Epstein was sued for the second time in less than two weeks Wednesday, this time by another teenager who claims she was sexually abused at his mansion.

The 16-year-old Virginia girl is represented by the same attorney who filed a $50 million federal lawsuit in late January against Epstein, 55. This lawsuit seeks similar damages for an alleged sexual assault and intentional infliction of emotional distress.

Jeffrey Herman, the teen's attorney, is planning a news conference in West Palm Beach this afternoon to discuss the allegations.

EFTA00013776

Epstein, arrested in 2006 on a felony charge of solicitation of prostitution, is scheduled to appear in court next month for a status hearing. The New York resident is accused of luring young girls to his mansion for massages that turned sexual.

The lawsuit alleges that Epstein has a sexual preference and "obsession for underage minor girls" and sought to gain access to economically disadvantaged younger girls in his home for paid massages.

The 16-year-old girl, identified in the lawsuit as "Jane Doe No. 2," has suffered traumatic injuries, according to the complaint.

When the first lawsuit was filed Epstein's attorneys said Epstein never had sex with the girl, who was 14 at the time, and that the lawsuit was motivated by greed.

From: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)
Sent: Wednesday, February 06, 2008 4:37 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)
Subject: A new lawsuit against Epstein

Hi [REDACTED] – Herman filed another lawsuit on behalf of a girl from Virginia. I do not think that it is one of our girls.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone [REDACTED]
Fax 561 820-8777

EFTA00013777