From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

To: ". (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: Re: Notification of Possible Compelled Disclosure of the Non-Prosecution Agreement

Date: Thu, 07 Aug 2008 21:42:48 +0000

Importance: Normal

Good.

--- Original Message ---

From: . (USAFLS)

To: Roy BLACK &lt;

Sent: Thu Aug 07 16:36:05 2008

Subject: RE: Notification of Possible Compelled Disclosure of the Non-Prosecution Agreement

Thank you, Roy. Your help is greatly appreciated.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone

Fax

---Original Message---

From: Roy BLACK [mailto: ]

Sent: Thursday, August 07, 2008 4:34 PM

To: . (USAFLS)

Subject: Re: Notification of Possible Compelled Disclosure of the Non-Prosecution Agreement

I am working on this and will get back to you.

---Original Message---

From: ". (USAFLS)" &lt;

To: Roy BLACK &lt;

Cc: (USAFLS) &lt;

Cc: (USAFLS) &lt;

Sent: 8/7/2008 3:57:52 PM

Subject: Notification of Possible Compelled Disclosure of the Non-Prosecution Agreement

Dear Roy:

In accordance with paragraph 13 of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, I am providing notice of possible compulsory process commanding the disclosure of the Agreement. As I'm sure you know, two of Mr. Epstein's victims have filed suit against the United States alleging that the government violated their rights as victims by not consulting them prior to entering into the Non-Prosecution Agreement.

As part of their response to one of the government's filings, the victims asked the Court to order the production of the Non-Prosecution Agreement. The deadline for the government to respond is August 15th and we intend to oppose the motion based upon the confidentiality provision. I have attached a copy of the victims' pleading for your review.

In connection with this, we want to make certain that we are making consistent representations to the judiciary regarding the contents of the Agreement. I know that Jack Goldberger filed the Agreement under seal in the state court in accordance with the state judge's order. Can you provide us with a copy of what Jack filed, so that, if we are ordered by the federal court to disclose the agreement, it is exactly the same as what has been filed in the state court?

EFTA00013999

Thank you again for your assistance.

Regards,

&lt;<de19_080801_victims' b="" c="" notice.pdf="" to="">&gt;

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone

Fax

EFTA00014000</de19_080801_victims'>