EFTA00011361

From: _________________________
To: &lt;______________________&gt;, _______________________&gt;, _______________________&gt;,

Subject: Final Voucher 11063602-1(1) approved by _______________________, now awaiting further approval

Date: Tue, 24 Mar 2020 14:22:09 +0000

Importance: Normal

Dear _________________________

Final voucher 11063602-1(1) has been approved by _______________________, now awaiting further approval.

Trip ID: 11063602-1
Voucher ID: 1
Voucher type: Final
Traveler name: _________________________
Purpose: R20NYS13404 - Epstein Investigation Witness interview
Destination: Beverly Hills, CA, United States
Dates: 2020-02-25 - 2020-02-29
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval

Voucher total expenses: 1981.97
Estimated trip cost: 2004.11

E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html

E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0010
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.