EFT A00013422

From:
Subject: RE: 3500
Date: Sat, 09 Oct 2021 16:36:06 +0000
Attachments: U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_3500_Index_(Internal)_-_SD_working_copy.xlsx

Totally fine, just let us know what documents you delete pages from so we can restamp. The index for her files can be found in the attached if that's useful.

From:
Sent: Saturday, October 9, 2021 12:35 PM
To:
Subject: RE: 3500

Sounds good. For some documents I'm going to be deleting pages and redacting. Is that ok?

From:
Sent: Saturday, October 9, 2021 12:34 PM
To:
Subject: RE: 3500

If you could review the stamped versions and let us know what needs to be pulled, then we can restamp to fill any gaps if there are any. Sorry again.

From:
Sent: Saturday, October 9, 2021 12:33 PM
To:
Subject: RE: 3500

No worries. What's the best way to do this, should we delete the stamped versions and I should review the originals, or should I be reviewing the stamped versions?

From:
Sent: Saturday, October 9, 2021 12:32 PM
To:
Subject: RE: 3500

Shoot, I'm sorry that's my bad, I stamped this morning and missed that it hadn't been reviewed.

The stamped ones are just in her folder but if you want to review the originals they are here:
\\Usa.doi.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Trial\3500\1. Testifying\Production 3\3524

We'll make any changes or edits of course. Sorry again—I didn't read the folder right.

From: ___________________________________________________________________________________________

Sent: Saturday, October 9, 2021 12:29 PM

To: ___________________________________________________________________________________________; ___________________________________________________________________________________________;

Subject: 3500

The [redacted] and [redacted] folder are still being reviewed today, can you hold off on stamping please? Thanks!

[redacted]

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00013423