From:
To:
Bcc:
Subject: Epstein
Date: Thu, 03 Jul 2008 15:36:42 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hi — I just got an earful from the last of the victims’ lawyers. He is a former Broward County ASA and he represents three victims. He says that his clients can name many more victims and wanted to know if we can get out of the deal. I told him that, at this time, assuming that Epstein performs the last piece of the agreement, we are bound. He asked that, if there is the slightest hesitation on Epstein’s part of completing his performance, that he and his clients be allowed to consult with our office before making a decision.

I also couldn’t remember if I told you about our meeting with the Sheriff’s Office about the jail. Epstein is out at the stockade, not the jail. Goldberger and some psychiatrist have already met with him and have told him that, if he receives any less favorable treatment than others, Ken Starr and the whole crew will sue. He also told me that Epstein was “brilliant” and that he has already offered to teach GED classes. I sort of cocked my head at the “brilliant” comment and said, you know he only has a high school diploma, right? (I used my best, “don’t believe the hype” voice. He was clearly shocked, and I explained that Epstein usually claims to have at least a master’s degree, but other than a few college courses, he had no education above a high school diploma, which I think makes him ineligible to teach a GED course.) He also told us that Epstein is eligible for work release and will be placed on work release – in direct contradiction to what he told the agents a few months ago.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

Phone

Fax

EFTA00013975