EFTA00011402

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________"

Subject: RE: This Epstein accuser is 'ecstatic' over Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest
Date: Sun, 12 Jul 2020 18:32:49 +0000

It would be helpful to get the complaints in the first instance, thanks, as well as the names of your clients. If you could send those early this week? And then we likely can schedule an attorney proffer for later this coming week or the following, via phone.

thanks,

From: _________________________
Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 07:20
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________"

Subject: Re: This Epstein accuser is 'ecstatic' over Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest
Thanks. What is your thinking on scheduling? We need to clear everything with our client. can send you the Complaint by early next week and we can take it from there.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 8, 2020, at 16:32, _________________________ &gt;: wrote: _________________________

Following up on your email below, I believe our last communication was in January 2020, when you advised us that none of your nine clients were interested in speaking with the Government—we're happy to hear that view has changed, at least for one of your clients, and we are interested to hear their accounts. At the outset, it would be very helpful for us to get some basic threshold information. To help us become familiar with the background, could you please send us the lawsuits filed on behalf of your clients? I imagine this is due to my relative unfamiliarity with the New York State online filing system, but I haven't been able to locate those filings.

And then as I mentioned in January, in the first instance, to the extent this is possible, it would be very helpful for us just to be provided the names of your client(s)—we would not attempt to contact them outside of our discussions with you, of course, but having that information will help us avoid inadvertently approaching individuals who are in fact already represented, and would also help us identify to you any particular individual(s) who might be known to us already.

Once we're able to do a quick review of our current information to gather any relevant information we might already have, the most efficient next step is usually an attorney proffer, so we can talk with you about relevant details first, in advance of any interviews.

Thanks again for reaching out, and we look forward to being in touch.

Best,

- Original Message

From: _________________________
Sent: Saturday, July 04, 2020 10:01
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________"

Subject: Re: This Epstein accuser is 'ecstatic' over Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest

EFTA00011403

Thank you for being in touch, we appreciate it, and I expect we will likely be able to reach out to you this coming week. Thanks again for following up.

&gt; On Jul 2, 2020, at 21:01, [redacted] wrote:

&gt; Dear [redacted]:

&gt; You previously reached out to me but my client is ready to help. Let me know the next steps.

&gt; https://nypost.com/2020/07/02/this-epstein-accuser-is-ecstatic-over-ghislaine-maxwells-arrest/

&gt; Sent from my iPhone