From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USAFLS)" &lt; , " (USAFLS)"

Subject: RE: Scanning project for SDNY

Date: Tue, 15 Sep 2020 14:32:40 +0000

Thanks so much, and no problem. I'll send an email connecting with shortly. And yes, if that's ok, our preference would be to let them pick up the materials, so thank you very much for that.

Best,

From: (USAFLS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 10:31 AM

To: ) - ; (USAFLS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Scanning project for SDNY

Let me loop Weddle in. has been handling the files on our end. If your preference is that we have them pick up the materials, we can arrange a time for them to meet at the office.

Sorry, I did not get back to you earlier.

Best regards,

From: ) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 10:28 AM

To: (USAFLS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Scanning project for SDNY

Good morning,

From Melkin Solutions will be the point of contact for this project. Who should I connect her with in your office to coordinate the scanning project?

Thanks very much,

S Attorney

Southern District of New York

1 St. Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

EFTA00010988

From:
Sent: Friday, September 11, 2020 8:23 PM
To: (USAFLS) &lt;
Subject: Scanning project for SDNY

Hi

Our budget office has approved payment from SDNY to Melkin Solutions to complete the scanning of the 28 Epstein-related boxes in SDFL. How should I go about coordinating so that the vendor can get access to the boxes to scan them?

The vendor indicated that it would be much faster if they could be permitted to take the boxes to their office for processing. Would your office be willing to permit that? We are hoping to get these scans completed as soon as possible, so we would be very grateful if there's any way to help expedite the process.

Please feel free to call my cell at [redacted] if it would be useful to discuss over the phone.

Thanks so much for your help.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY

EFTA00010989