From:
To:
Bcc:

Subject: RE: Notice of Non-Compliance CONFIDENTIAL
Date: Sun, 29 Jun 2008 16:14:55 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hi — I sent you an e-mail earlier today letting you know that Goldberger agreed to my change, so it looks like Monday is going to happen. I have spoken with the Chief and he also spoke to the Sheriff about serving the time out at the jail. The Chief also is going to call some victims to inform them that he received a call from the State Attorney's Office about a plea hearing on Monday.

I am very surprised that there has been no press coverage.

Yes, can we meet on Monday morning. I want to have the victim list ready to go before we head to the hearing in case we can get him to sign it right then and there.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Fax

---Original Message---

From:
Sent: Sunday, June 29, 2008 11:54 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Notice of Non-Compliance

Just wanted to let you know and I are working on the remaining 5 girls and getting everything ready for GJ. Did you ever hear back from Jack Goldberger? I spoke with Joe yesterday and he agreed with Dave, that the PBC Detention Center is the jail. He also mentioned any sentenced under a year is served at the jail. If over that, Epstein will be serving at the Dept of Correction which is the Stockade. Joe also mentioned that the Sheriff determines how the sentence is carried out. We have already met with the Colonel at the jail some months ago. If all goes well tomorrow, we should ALL meet with the Colonel again just to reiterate our position. We have not heard from AMOC but will let you know when we do. Give us a shout later today and let us know if you would like to meet us tomorrow morning prior to going to the courthouse.

From:
Sent: Saturday, June 28, 2008 11:20 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Notice of Non-Compliance

Dear Jack:

I have conferred with a state court practitioner who stated that there is nothing that prohibits you from agreeing to a consecutive six-month sentence of incarceration followed by one year of community control as specified in the non-prosecution agreement.

If you elect to proceed with the plea agreement as currently drafted, we ask that you insert the word "imprisoned" following the words "six months" in the second sentencing paragraph.

Please confirm that this change is acceptable. Thank you.

EFTA00014100

EFTA00014101

--- Original Message ---

From: Jack Goldberger &gt;&gt;

To: [Redacted]

Cc: Jack Goldberger &lt;&gt;

Sent: Sat Jun 28 08:49:55 2008

Subject: RE: Notice of Non-Compliance

Dear Ms Villafana,

please allow this e-mail to confirm our telephone conference of 6:30 pm on June 27 wherein we discussed the Epstein plea agreement and we agreed that the Epstein state plea agreement was in compliance with the September 2007 non-prosecution agreement entered into between Mr. Epstein and the USAO for the Souhern District of Florida.

Jack Goldberger

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Fri 6/27/2008 5:45 PM

To: Jack Goldberger; Roy BLACK

Cc: [Redacted]

Subject: Notice of Non-Compliance

Dear Messrs. Goldberger and Black:

Please see the attached Notification Letter.

&lt;&lt;080627 Goldberger Black notification ltr.pdf&gt;&gt;

[Redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney

Phone: [Redacted]

Fax: [Redacted]