EFTA00011147

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Re: Epstein Sharing Order Part II
Date: Wed, 29 Jan 2020 21:05:59 +0000

Yes, I think we should. Thanks for flagging.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 29, 2020, at 3:56 PM, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

☐ is it the intent to share those? If so, I’ll just add it to every mention of each document, but if not then it’s unnecessary. I don’t think those are substantive docs but I defer.

From: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 15:55
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted] &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein Sharing Order Part II

Please add it in the right place and send me the order. Remember, I’m not a T&amp;E lawyer. But you are getting to be

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 3:22 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted] &gt;; &lt; [redacted] &gt;; &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt; &lt; [red]
Subject: RE: Epstein Sharing Order Part II

Yes, I think this document accurately describes the materials we’ve received, with just a note that it doesn’t appear to include revocations, so to the extent those are intended to be shared, I think that word may need to be added.

thanks,

From: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 10:40
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [red]
Subject: Epstein Sharing Order Part II

☐ – I’ve updated the sharing order application to be one to share the additional trust and will documents we have now received. Would you take a look when you can?

■ – I’ve tried to describe the various materials we have gotten from the estate attorneys over the last two weeks. Would you mind taking a look (or asking a paralegal to take a look) to make sure I’ve accurately described/characterized the new stuff we’re looking to share?

Thanks,

EFTA00011148