From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;, " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE:
Date: Mon, 19 Nov 2007 16:46:23 +0000
Importance: Normal

I think it is December 14th, which is a Friday, not the 16th, which is a Sunday.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax 561 820-8777

---Original Message---
From: (USAFLS)
Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 11:38 AM
To: (USAFLS); (USAFLS)
Subject: FW:

Clearly Epstein believes that January 4th not December 16th is when he'll plead guilty and be sentenced. Judging from
email, it seems that January 4th is the date. Hopefully, I'll hear from Judge Davis today or tomorrow. Thanks,

---Original Message---
From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto:]
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2007 2:00 PM
To: (USAFLS)
Subject:

- Beyond my letter the other day, and your email
to me from a few weeks ago, is there anything else you
need from me regarding the plea and sentencing dates.

As we discussed, and as we have confirmed, the Court
has told us she will handle both at the same time (plea
before sentencing, obviously), and to the agreed-upon
counts, on Jan 4. I trust I have cleared up any
confusion regarding Jan 7.

Thx. Jay

***
The information contained in this communication is
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may
constitute inside information, and is intended only for
the use of the addressee. It is the property of
Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP.
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited
and may be unlawful. If you have received this
communication in error, please notify us immediately by

EFTA00013528

return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00013529