From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

To: Roy BLACK &lt;

Bcc: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein

Date: Tue, 12 Aug 2008 13:07:57 +0000

Importance: Normal

Roy, thank you for your response and your assistance. I will forward your request to , who is representing the United States in the civil suit.

Can you please ask Jack Goldberger to send me an exact copy of what was filed under seal in the state court? I want to insure that all of us are presenting the same packet of documents as the final agreement.

Regards,

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone

Fax

---Original Message---

From: Roy BLACK [mailto]

Sent: Monday, August 11, 2008 11:40 PM

To: (USAFLS)

Subject: Jeffrey Epstein

: I have conferred with the lawyers on the team. They all thank you for agreeing to oppose any disclosure of the 9/24/07 agreement. We firmly believe this document is not discoverable in the civil cases. However if the court rules against you on this we request that you further ask that any disclosure be subject to a strong protective order prohibiting dissemination to anyone except counsel to the petitioners. We are particularly concerned because civil lawyers are more apt to publicize something like this than those of us who litigate on the criminal side of the docket. You may recall one lawyer standing on the bridge to palm beach railing over his misconceptions of the case. This is the typical vehicle they use to get more plaintiffs. You had also asked what documents were disclosed in the state court. As part of counsels obligation to fully disclose any promises or inducements which led to the plea agreement, the 9/24/07 agreement was filed with the court. It was filed under seal. Once again I want to re-assure you that Mr. Epstein and his counsel intend to stand by their agreements. If you or anyone in the USAO have any concern about a possible breach please call or email me again so we can discuss any dispute or misunderstanding and allay any concerns. Thanks again. Roy

EFTA00014075