From: "Alan Dershowitz"
To:
Subject: Re: It was nice having a drink
Date: Fri, 20 Mar 2009 21:45:11 +0000
Importance: Normal

Dear
Sorry I couldn't get back to you earlier with the name and number. I will have it for you on Monday. I really appreciate your willingness to make the call. You are a real mensch.
Best
Akan
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&amp;T

---Original Message---
From:

Date: Thu, 19 Mar 2009 10:11:50
To:
Subject: RE: It was nice having a drink

Alan,

It was great seeing you and your beautiful family as well. As we were talking, I couldn't help but think that Don Rickles once referred to that same area as "G-d's waiting room." What a transformation! Hopefully, you'll be coming down for many years to come and I look forward to maintaining and growing our friendship.

Regarding Mr. Epstein, the United States Attorney's Office will not interfere with how the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office administers the sentence imposed by the Court. That being said, this does not mean that the USAO condones or encourages PBSO to mitigate the terms and conditions of his sentence. Furthermore, it does not mean that, if contacted for our position concerning alternative custody or in-home detention, we would not object. To be clear, if contacted we will object. Naturally, I also expect that no one on behalf of Mr. Epstein will use my assurance to you to affirmatively represent to PBSO that the USAO does not object to an alternative custody or in-home detention.

Have a safe trip back to Boston and I look forward to reading your new book. Take care,

---Original Message---
From: Alan Dershowitz [mailto:
Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2009 5:59 PM
To:
Subject: It was nice having a drink

Dear
It was so nice having a relaxed drink and conversation on the porch of our neighborhood bistro. Now you see why we love this location so much and want to make it our second (and perhaps our first) home. I appreciate your kind words of advice, encouragement and friendship.

EFTA00013834

I also appreciate your condoir and directness about the difficult and emotiously exhausting case we both went through. I especially appreciate your assurance that the feds will not interfere with how the Palm Beach sheriff administers jefferey's sentence as long as he is treated like any similarly situated inmate. My understanding is that if the sheriff were to decide, in the normal course of events, that the circumstances warranted Jeffrey completing the custodial portion of his sentence under alternative custody/in-home detention, your office would not intrude. Thanks again for meeting me on such short notice. I will keep you apprised of our rental or purchase plans and am looking forward to spending time with you and your life when we return in November. Best

Alan

Sent via BlackBerry by AT&amp;T

EFTA00013835