Accepted CF Mar/31/2017

# STATEMENT IN SUPPORT OF REGISTRATION OF A UNITED STATES CIVIL AIRCRAFT IN THE NAME OF A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY.

PLAN D, LLC, a limited liability company of a United States Citizen and is eligible to register aircraft in its name. In this regard, we make to following representations:

I. The full name of the Applicant LLC is: PLAN D, LLC
II. The state in which this LLC is lawfully organized is: U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS
III. The effective date of the LLC is: OCTOBER 19, 2012
IV. The name of each of the members of the LLC and the type of entity of each member (i.e.: individual, corporation, partnership, etc.)

|  Name | Type of Entity | U.S. Citizenship Verification  |   |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Jeffrey E. Epstein | Individual | Y ☐ X ☑ | N ☐  |
|   |  | Y ☐ | N ☐  |
|   |  | Y ☐ | N ☐  |
|   |  | Y ☐ | N ☐  |
|  Additional Members listed on additional pages: |   | Y ☐ | N ☐  |

V. This LLC is managed by (Managers) or Members (Circle One)
VI. The manager(s) or member(s) of this LLC may act independently: Y ☐ X ☑ N ☐
VII. The name of the Manager of this LLC LAWRENCE VISOSKI

The Manager is a(n) ☐ X ☑ individual ☐ corporation ☐ partnership ☐ other

The undersigned certifies that he/she/it understands that an LLC is eligible to register aircraft in its name provided that:

(1) at least 2/3rds of the managers or managing members are "U.S. Citizens" within the meaning of 49 U.S.C. Section 40102(a)(15)(C) and:
(2) at least 75% of the voting interest or units is owned or controlled by persons who are "U.S. citizens" or citizens of one of its possessions; and specifically that AN LLC CANNOT REGISTER AS A NON-CITIZENS CORPORATION.

If any member of this LLC is not a United States Citizen as defined in 40102(a)(15)(C) an explanation appears below to support the certification that this LLC is a "U.S. Citizen" as required by 49 U.S.C. Section 40102(a)(15)(C).

The undersigned hereby also certifies that the information given herein is true and correct and meets all citizenship specifications as required by the Federal Aviation Administration.

PLAN D, LLC

By: Lawrence Visoski
Its: Manager

EFTA00009952

EFTA00009953

FILED WITH FAA
AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION OR
2017 MAR 29 A 9:09
OKLAHOMA CITY
OKLAHOMA