From: [Redacted]
To: [Redacted]” &lt; [Redacted]&gt;

Subject: RE: RE: Epstein settlement agreement
Date: Sun, 30 Dec 2007 02:16:16 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hello and belated holiday greetings.
Sorry, I have been out of touch with the world in the mountains of North Carolina. Now traveling back to West Palm so have internet access. I will call you when I am back in town on Monday the 21st.

[Redacted]

Original message from [Redacted]” &lt; [Redacted]&gt;:

Could you call me when you have a moment? Thanks,

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2007 3:25 PM
To: [Redacted]
Subject: RE: RE: Epstein settlement agreement

The plea and sentence will both occur on the same date and that date will be before January 4th.

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Mon 11/5/2007 5:31 AM
To: [Redacted]
Subject: FW: RE: Epstein settlement agreement

[Redacted]
Forwarded Message: [Redacted]
From: [Redacted]” &lt; [Redacted]
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] (USAFLS)” &lt; [Redacted]&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein settlement agreement
Date: Fri, 2 Nov 2007 13:58:13 +0000

Dear [Redacted]

I was just informed that a case disposition conference has been set in the Epstein case on January 7, 2008. Our agreement with Mr. Epstein contemplated a simultaneous plea and sentencing for October (or, as we later agreed, November), followed by Mr. Epstein self-surrendering to begin serving his sentence not later than January 4, 2008. From your last e-

EFTA00013766

mail, it appeared that the judge was under the impression that Mr. Epstein could not be sentenced before January 2008. We are hoping that Judge McSorley would consider conducting the simultaneous plea and sentencing some time before January 4, 2008, so that Mr. Epstein can comply with the terms of our agreement and begin serving his sentence on January 4, 2008.

I also would appreciate it if you could send me a copy of the plea agreement, the Information that you plan to file (if it hasn't been filed already), and any factual proffer or other documents related to the plea. Please also let me know the date and time of the plea and sentencing so that someone from our office can attend and insure Mr. Epstein's compliance with the terms of his federal non-prosecution agreement.

If you need any information regarding the federal investigation, or if you have any questions about the terms of the federal non-prosecution agreement, please do not hesitate to contact me at the number below or in the West Palm Beach office.

Thank you,

First Assistant United States Attorney
99 N.E. 4th Street
Miami, Florida 33132
Phone

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 9:22 PM
To: [Redacted]
Subject: Epstein settlement agreement

Good evening. I am the ASA with the Epstein case in Palm Beach County. The negotiated settlement is a definite go. A difficulty arose last week at a conference with the judge on the case. She wants the plea and sentence to occur concurrently; not a plea with a sentencing at a later date. Therefore, the case was set for the first week of January, but the plea and sentence will definitely occur before the January 4th date that was agreed on by all for the sentencing.

If you have any questions, please contact me at [Redacted]

EFTA00013767