From:
To:
Subject: RE: Working on a story on deadline re: Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Fri, 19 Sep 2008 20:13:49 +0000
Importance: Normal

I gave her a no comment

From:
Sent: Friday, September 19, 2008 4:05 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Working on a story on deadline re: Jeffrey Epstein

I certainly don't want to talk to her.

I am just finishing a press release for you on another case. You should have it soon.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax 561 820-8777

From:
Sent: Friday, September 19, 2008 2:33 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Working on a story on deadline re: Jeffrey Epstein

I am going to be calling her back with a big no comment, unless I get different instructions from you about what's in the public record.

From: [news.com]
Sent: Friday, September 19, 2008 2:31 PM
To:
Subject: Working on a story on deadline re: Jeffrey Epstein

I'm working on a story about the federal non-prosecution agreement that is part and parcel of the state plea agreement with Jeffrey Epstein.
I'd like to know why the U.S. Attorney's Office decided not to prosecute Epstein - because I do know, according to court records, that if he violates any portion of his state agreement that he can be federally prosecuted.

I wanted to know if I could speak with AUSA [redacted] for an answer to this question, since she was the AUSA on the case.

I am on deadline for today.

Thank you,
Michele

--
Michele Dargan, staff writer

EFTA00013952

Palm Beach Daily News
(561) 820-3863 phone
(561) 655-4594 fax

EFTA00013953