From: _______________________________

To: Nathan NYSD Chambers &lt;____________________________&gt;

Ce: ________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Date: Wed, 21 Apr 2021 20:19:31 +0000

Four attorneys will be appearing for the Government at the conference. Thank you.

From: Nathan NYSD Chambers &lt;____________________________&gt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 3:58 PM

To: _______________________________

Cc: ________________________________________________________

Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Thank you, counsel. Can you confirm how many attorneys for the government will be in attendance?

Best,

Juan Ruiz Toro

Law Clerk to the Hon. Alison J. Nathan

From: _______________________________

Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 3:13 PM

To: Nathan NYSD Chambers &lt;____________________________&gt;

Cc: ________________________________________________________

Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

**CAUTION - EXTERNAL:**

Dear Judge Nathan,

The Government writes in response to the Court’s April 19, 2021 scheduling Order, which directed the Government to inform the Court by email regarding victim attendance at the upcoming arraignment in this matter.

The Government has conferred with the attorneys who represent all four victims referenced in the Superseding Indictment, and reports the following:

- Victim-1, Victim-3, Victim-4, and their respective counsel will not be attending the conference.
- Victim-2 plans to attend the conference by phone. Her counsel have asked whether she should dial into the public access line, or whether the Court will provide a separate access line for victims.
- Victim-2’s attorneys, David Boies and Sigrid McCawley, plan to attend the conference in person.

Respectfully,

_____________________________

and States Attorney

Southern District of New York

EFTA00009897

One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening attachments or clicking on links.

EFTA00009898