Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 26 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/21/2008 Page 1 of 2

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
# SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

NO. 08-80736-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON

IN RE: JANE DOES 1 AND 2,

Petitioners.

# ORDER TO COMPEL PRODUCTION AND PROTECTIVE ORDER

THIS CAUSE comes before the Court on the Petitioners’ ore tenus motion seeking the production of the Non-Prosecution Agreement between the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida (“USAO”) and Jeffrey Epstein (“Epstein”). After consideration of the Motion, the arguments of the parties, and the record, it is **ORDERED AND ADJUDGED** that the Petitioners’ Motion is **GRANTED**. The USAO shall produce the Non-Prosecution Agreement, including any modifications and addenda thereto, in accordance with the following procedures:

(a) The USAO shall produce a copy of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, including any modifications and addenda thereto (collectively referred to as the “Agreement”), to the attorneys for Petitioners.

(b) Petitioners and their attorneys shall not disclose the Agreement or its terms to any third party absent further court order, following notice to and an opportunity for Epstein’s counsel to be heard.

(c) Before counsel for petitioners show the Agreement to their clients or discuss the specific terms with them, they must provide a copy of this Order to petitioners, who must review and acknowledge their receipt of, and agreement to abide by, the terms of the Order. Counsel for petitioners must promptly provide a copy of that acknowledgment to the USAO.

(d) If any individuals who have been identified by the USAO as victims of

EFTA00013944

Case 9:08-cv-80736-KAM Document 26 Entered on FLSD Docket 08/21/2008 Page 2 of 2

Epstein and/or any attorney(s) for those individuals request the opportunity to review the Agreement, then the USAO shall produce the Agreement to those individuals, so long as those individuals also agree that they shall not disclose the Agreement or its terms to any third party absent further court order, following notice to and an opportunity for Epstein’s counsel to be heard

(e) Prior to producing the documents to any other individuals who have been identified by the USAO as victims of Epstein and/or any attorney(s) for those individuals, a copy of this Order must be provided to said individuals, who must review and acknowledge their receipt of, and agreement to abide by, the terms of this Order. Counsel for petitioners must promptly provide a copy of that acknowledgment to the USAO.

DONE and ORDERED in Chambers, in West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 21st day of August, 2008.

KENNETH A. MARRA
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

Copies furnished to: all counsel of record

By signing below, I certify that I have reviewed and agree to be bound by the terms of this Order.

Dated: _________________________
Signed by: _________________________
Printed Name: _________________________

EFTA00013945