From:
To: Jack Scarola
Cc:
Subject: RE: EXTERNAL Rule 17(c) subpoena
Date: Tue, 16 Nov 2021 12:51:12 +0000

Thanks very much, Jack. We expect the Fund will file an opposition to the subpoena emphasizing the expectations of confidentiality that you highlight.

From: Jack Scarola
Sent: Tuesday, November 16, 2021 4:58 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: EXTERNAL Rule 17(c) subpoena

While our preference is to minimize the invasion of privacy, there is unlikely to be anything in those files that will be of concern to you. Obviously, the disclosures to the Fund were made under assurances of confidentiality.

On Nov 15, 2021, at 9:29 PM, wrote:

Jack,

Attached is a motion that Maxwell's has counsel filed seeking to subpoena information from the Epstein Victim Compensation Fund, including information about . We intend to file a motion to quash the subpoena later this week. Happy to have a call if you would like to discuss or have any questions.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

**CAUTION:** This email originated from outside the organization. Do not click links or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is safe.

Privileged and Confidential | Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be accessed by unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart &amp; Shipley, P.A. and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-2521. The information contained in this E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420 and information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify

EFTA00010157

the sender immediately by e-mail or by telephone at (800) 780-8607 and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.

EFTA00010158