From
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 14:57:31 +0000

Attachments: Joint_Maxwell_Jury_Questionnaire_[to_Court].docx;
Joint_Proposed_Voir_Dire_[to_Court].docx

Chambers,

Please see attached.

Respectfully,

From: Nathan NYSD Chambers
Sent: Thursday, October 14, 2021 9:35 AM
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

Counsel:

The Court requests that counsel provide Word doc versions of the proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire.

Sincerely,

Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan

From
Sent: Monday, October 11, 2021 7:53 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

**CAUTION - EXTERNAL:**

Good evening,

EFTA00011135

Attached please find the parties' joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties respectfully request that the Court accept the joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire under seal.

In addition, the Government has produced Jencks Act material and exhibits to the defense today. If the Court would like a copy, we would be happy to provide it.

Respectfully submitted,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel: [redacted]

CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening attachments or clicking on links.

EFTA00011136