From: \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*
To: "USANYS" \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*  $\cdot$  2
Cc: "USANYS" \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Thanks Ted. To be clear, the productions they are sending today consist of the 40,000 images, documents from the FBI Florida boxes, and documents from the FBI FOIA office. They are not sending, and have not sent, us any productions from the electronic devices.

From: USANYS

Sent: Friday, October 30, 2020 2:24 PM

To: \*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\;\;
Cc: USANYS

Subject: FW: Phone Call Follow-Up

See below for the update from PAE. The good news is that they're getting this back to us on a rolling basis, and it looks like we'll have at least some of this stuff in time to produce it by 11/9. The bad news is it does not seem like we'll have all of it by that date. It does seem like we'll have greater clarity by early next week.

I confess, I don't feel like I fully understand all of the steps in this process or why it takes as long as it does, but I'm happy to go back to with additional questions if that would be helpful. I'm also happy to ask that he set up a call with us and PAE if that would be helpful. Please let us know what we can do.

From: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) &lt;\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Sent: Friday, October 30, 2020 12:51 PM

To: USANYS; Donaleski, Rebekah (USANYS) &lt;\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Subject: FW: Phone Call Follow-Up

Some of the data is being sent to use today by FedEx. However, there is a ton of stuff still being processed. That stuff is still being imaged. Then it gets marked. Then copied to us. I have spoken to He thinks it is not possible to meet the November 9 date. He thinks the next step might be done on Tuesday, and then a better estimate of completion might be possible.

From: Koontz, Nicholas [US] &lt;\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Sent: Friday, October 30, 2020 12:25 PM

To: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) &lt;\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Cc: USANYS [Contractor] &lt;\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

Subject: Phone Call Follow-Up

Good Afternoon Ed:

Following up on our earlier phone conversation, a hard drive with the following productions is being sent to SDNY via FedEx with the following productions in the US v. Epstein workspace:

1) SDNYPROD008
2) SDNYPROD009
3) SDNYPROD010
4) SDNYPROD011 (Note: this is a six-part production)
5) SDNYPROD012
6) SDNYPROD013
7) SDNYPROD014

There are approximately 1.2 million records currently being imaged. The images will be available on Monday, November 2, 2020 at the earliest. The production of the records will begin as soon as the images are available in the workspace.

Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.

Thanks,

EFTA00013205

E

Lead E-Discovery Analyst

e

7799 Leesburg Pike, Suite 300N

Falls Church, Virginia 22043

PAE

IMPORTANT: The information contained in this message may be privileged, business sensitive, proprietary, copyrighted, protected from disclosure and/or subject to US export controls. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer. #-SEC-#

EFTA00013206