EFTA00009962

From:
Cc:

Subject: Re: WSJ article on Deutsche Bank and Epstein charity
Date: Mon, 09 Sep 2019 00:41:44 +0000

Thanks, ☐. Let’s chat in the morning.

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 8, 2019, at 7:57 PM, ☐ &gt; wrote:

Thought some of this might actually be helpful to you. Just let us know if we’re able to guide her on any of this. Thx!

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "O'Brien, ☐" &lt; &gt;
Date: September 8, 2019 at 7:19:08 PM EDT
To: &gt;
Subject: WSJ article on Deutsche Bank and Epstein charity

Hi ☐,

I'm working on a story about one of Jeffrey Epstein's recent Virgin Islands-based charities, Gratitude America, which is interesting for a few reasons:

1. It got most of its funding from a $10 million grant from a foundation controlled by Leon Black (of Apollo) in 2015
2. Some of Gratitude's donations between 2016 and 2017, listed in its tax forms, were never received by the named charities.
3. Epstein attempted to use the charity to pay fines in the Virgin Islands.
4. Gratitude America had a Deutsche Bank account.

The last point, about Deutsche Bank, is the new news here. To that end, I have a few questions for SDNY about the charity and the bank.

1. We write that SDNY is scrutinizing Epstein's relationship with Deutsche Bank. I believe this has already been reported – but a few questions:
- For fairness reasons: Is it fair to say that Epstein's relationships with ALL his banks is under scrutiny?
- Is DB in trouble here? Do they face any criminal exposure?
2. Is SDNY looking into Epstein's work with his nonprofits and foundations? Is there interest in his charities' financial transactions, or tax filings?

3. We write that the investigation is ongoing. Does it remain a sex-trafficking investigation, or is this now expanding into possible financial wrongdoings and other matters?

4. As far as you know, are other investigative entities looking at Epstein? NY AG? IRS?

5. We write that Gratitude America's activity could be of particular interest to prosecutors because the transactions took place within the past five years (within the statute of limitations for fraud charges) and because they involved some of his closest associates (two of his personal lawyers were on the board, his accountant served as the foundation's president). This is just logical, in my mind, and several sources suggested it would be of interest – but maybe I'm going too far?

We are hoping to get this story out tomorrow afternoon or first thing Tuesday. Any guidance would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you,

Davis O'Brien

The
M: +1 718 419 4758  O: +1 212 416 2739
E:
@rebeccadobrien
A: 1211 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10036
D

EFTA00009963