From: " (USAFLS)"  <on=usa ou="FLS/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN="">

To: " (USAFLS)"  <on=usafsls>
Subject: RE: Epstein

Date: Tue, 27 Nov 2007 20:32:11 +0000

Importance: Normal

I did not copy Josefsberg – I knew I was misspelling his name – drats. Thanks

From: (USAFLS)

Sent: Tuesday, November 27, 2007 2:07 PM

To: (USAFLS)

Subject: RE: Epstein

Hi – You didn't copy Bob on this, did you? It is Josefsberg. Otherwise, great e-mail. I am waiting for a call back from Barry about the date.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone

Fax 561 820-8777

From: (USAFLS)

Sent: Tuesday, November 27, 2007 1:55 PM

To: Jay Lefkowitz

Cc: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)

Subject: Epstein

Jay,

Please accept my apologies for not getting back to you sooner but I was a little under the weather yesterday. I hope that you enjoyed your Thanksgiving.

Regarding the issue of due diligence concerning Judge Davis' selection, I'd like to make a few observations. First, Guy Lewis has known for some time that Judge Davis was making reasonable efforts to secure Aaron Podhurst and Bob Josephsberg for this assignment. In fact, when I told you of Judge Davis's selection during our meeting last Wednesday, November 21st, you and Professor Dershowitz seemed very comfortable, and certainly not surprised, with the selection. Podhurst and Josephsberg are no strangers to nearly the entire Epstein defense team including Guy Lewis, Lili Ann Sanchez, Roy Black, and, apparently, Professor Dershowitz who said he knew Mr. Josephsberg from law school. Second, Podhurst and Josephsberg have long-standing stellar reputations for their legal acumen and ethics. It's hard for me to imagine how much more vetting needs to be done.

The United States has a statutory obligation (Justice for All Act of 2004) to notify the victims of the anticipated upcoming events and their rights associated with the agreement entered into by the United States and Mr. Epstein in a timely fashion. Tomorrow will make one full week since you were formally notified of the selection. I must insist that the vetting

EFTA00013706</on=usafsls></on=usa>

process come to an end. Therefore, unless you provide me with a good faith objection to Judge Davis's selection by COB tomorrow, November 28, 2007, I will authorize the notification of the victims. Should you give me the go-ahead on Podhurst and Josephsberg selection by COB tomorrow, I will simultaneously send you a draft of the letter. I intend to notify the victims by letter after COB Thursday, November 29th. Thanks,

EFTA00013707