From: "Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)"
To: " (USAFLS)"
Cc: " (USAFLS)"

Subject: Re: Letter from Brad Edwards
Date: Sat, 02 Aug 2008 16:23:34 +0000
Importance: Normal

As I recall, we also believed that contacting the victims would compromise them as potential witnesses. Epstein argued very forcefully that they were doing this for the money, and we did not want to discuss liability with them, which was key part of agree.

--- Original Message ---

From: (USAFLS)
To: (USAFLS)
Cc: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS); (USAFLS)
Sent: Fri Aug 01 20:18:55 2008
Subject: Letter from Brad Edwards

This is the latest letter from Brad Edwards. They are willing to agree that there are no charges against Epstein in federal court, and he entered pleas of guilty in state court and is incarcerated in Palm Beach County. However, they ask us to also agree to two facts regarding the deferral of prosecution agreement and the reason why the victims were not consulted.

As to the reasons why the victims were not consulted, the confidentiality provision would not seem to be the reason for not consulting, since there was no “agreement” until Epstein and our office reached agreement in September 2007. The confidentiality provision was not binding until there was an actual agreement. My understanding is that the victims were not consulted (with the exception of the FBI agents meeting with [redacted] in September 2007), because we did not believe the Crime Victims Rights Act applied.

They also still want a free transcript and any FBI 302’s prepared for the meeting with [redacted].

I intend to call Edwards on Monday and tell him we cannot produce the agreement due to the confidentiality provision (and not due to a lack of courtesy on our part). I will then ask if he still wants to meet. I will be back from Columbia on Thursday, so I can meet with them on Thursday or Friday. Are you available on those dates [redacted]? Thanks.

&lt;<edwards-ltr2.pdf>&gt;

EFTA00014116</edwards-ltr2.pdf>