From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;, " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE:
Date: Mon, 19 Nov 2007 16:40:02 +0000
Importance: Normal

No, I think he is pleading on December 16th, and we should definitely try to keep that date on track.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax 561 820-8777

---Original Message---
From: (USAFLS)
Sent: Monday, November 19, 2007 11:38 AM
To: (USAFLS); (USAFLS)
Subject: FW:

Clearly Epstein believes that January 4th not December 16th is when he'll plead guilty and be sentenced. Judging from [redacted] email, it seems that January 4th is the date. Hopefully, I'll hear from Judge Davis today or tomorrow. Thanks,

---Original Message---
From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto:]
Sent: Friday, November 16, 2007 2:00 PM
To: (USAFLS)
Subject:

- Beyond my letter the other day, and your email to me from a few weeks ago, is there anything else you need from me regarding the plea and sentencing dates.

As we discussed, and as we have confirmed, the Court has told us she will handle both at the same time (plea before sentencing, obviously), and to the agreed-upon counts, on Jan 4. I trust I have cleared up any confusion regarding Jan 7.

Thx. Jay

***
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by

EFTA00013704

return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00013705