From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials
Date: Mon, 08 Nov 2021 17:02:36 +0000
Attachments: 3521-003.pdf; 3521-004.pdf

the two re-stamped versions are attached. I'll call △ chambers and set a time for me to bring over the thumb drive containing the supplemental 3500 production (with the correct 3521-003 and 3521-004 included). Thanks!

From: (USANYS) [Contractor]
Sent: Monday, November 8, 2021 9:48 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt; (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials

Thanks so much for flagging, I just re-stamped the materials as 3521-003 and 3521-004, saved here. I've loaded the two files to the thumb drive for that contains the supplemental 3500 production and swapped out the incorrect versions. If that sounds good to go, I can bring it over to chambers later this morning.

Since I'm joining this production a bit late, do these two re-stamped files need to be sent out anywhere else? Thanks!

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Saturday, November 6, 2021 5:59 PM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;

Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials

The index listed this correctly as 3521-003 and 3521-004, but we produced as 3521-004 and 3521-005 (I think). When you have a chance, can you please confirm? If so, I think let's reproduce as 3521-003 an 3521-004, but let me know if you think that will be more confusing/make more work.

Thanks,

From: Laura Menninger &lt;&gt;
Sent: Saturday, November 6, 2021 5:53 PM
To: &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca &lt;&gt;

Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v. Maxwell - missing testifying witness materials

Counsel –

We were not provided □ 3521-003 material.

EFTA00009981

Can you please confirm whether that was intentional, and if not, provide it?

Thank you,
Laura
Laura A. Menninger | Partner
Haddon, Morgan &amp; Foreman, P.C.

EFTA00009982