From:
To:
Cc: "Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)"
Subject: RE: Epstein
Date: Fri, 16 Nov 2007 18:31:42 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hi all – The FBI had their meeting with the ASA this morning. She wasn’t aware of the December 16th date, and she said that she could include something in their plea agreement about not being eligible for work release. When the FBI asked her if she would do that, she said she would have to talk to . She also wouldn’t say whether they would oppose such a petition, if one were filed. said that because Epstein is going to be housed at the jail, the Sheriff’s Office will determine whether Epstein is eligible for work release, not the Florida Department of Corrections. I have asked FBI to find out whether “sexual predators” (which will be Epstein’s legal designation) are eligible to participate in work release. I am still reviewing all of the statutes to see whether there is anything that would bar the judge from granting a petition for work release. As soon as I find an answer, I will let you know.

could still like us to do the victim notifications. The State does not have a procedure (like we do federally) where the Court has to provide a separate room for victims who want to attend judicial proceedings, so I do not know how many victims will actually want to be present.

As soon as you hear from Judge Davis, can you let me know? It is going to take us a while to track down everyone, especially with the holiday, and I want to make sure they have been provided adequate notice.

Thank you.

From:
Sent: Thursday, November 15, 2007 6:02 PM
To:
Cc: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)
Subject: Epstein

informs me that said that the plea &amp; sentencing will take place on the same day (December 16th) in order to reduce the media frenzy. said that Epstein will be treated as a sex offender regardless of whether he registers or not. He said that “registration” takes place after Epstein completes his sentence. Therefore, he will be treated like any other sex offender. The problem is that just like any other sex offender, he can petition the court for work

EFTA00013754

release. When [redacted] asked [redacted], whether he was going to oppose such a petition, [redacted], responded that he will if it is in the agreement.

I spoke to Lefkowitz. Lefkowitz confirmed the above understanding. We did not, however, discuss anything about work release – just that Epstein will be a sex offender and he’ll be treated like any other sex offender.

Lefkowitz confirmed that they will not contact any other victims. He also asked Jack Goldberger to provide him with any copies of agreements etc. he has with the State. Jay will forward them to me as soon as he receives them.

Finally, Lefkowitz said that the statement in his letter that he “reserves [the] right to object to certain aspects of the §2255 provisions of the Agreement” refers to their belief that a lawyer who files a lawsuit for some of the class may have a direct conflict that may disqualify him/his firm if he’s accepting fees to negotiate the settlement of the other members of the class. Lefkowitz point out the potential conflict to whoever is selected. My view is that those issues are between Epstein’s lawyers and the victims’ lawyers.

EFTA00013755