EFTA00013251

From:
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: FW: RE: privilege review contact information Epstein
Date: Mon, 12 Oct 2020 17:11:37 +0000

FYI

From:
Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 1:25 PM
To:
Cc:  )  &lt;  &gt;;  )  &lt;  &gt;;
Subject: RE: RE: privilege review contact information

Sounds good, thanks again.

From:
Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 12:19
To:
Cc:  )  &lt;  &gt;;  )  &lt;  &gt;;
Subject: RE: RE: privilege review contact information

Thanks  I made that clarification (which was implicit but better to be clear).

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 6:04 PM
To:
Cc:  )  &lt;  &gt;;  )  &lt;  &gt;;
Subject: RE: RE: privilege review contact information

I might just say that we intend to implement a privilege review of materials for which that would be appropriate—for example, I believe that the FBI takes the view that photos do not need to be reviewed for privilege in the first instance. But otherwise sounds fine, and happy to discuss that further if useful.

thanks,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 15:59
To:  )  &lt;  &gt;;  )  &lt;  &gt;;  &lt;  &gt;;
Subject: FW: RE: privilege review contact information

Marty just reached out to me and wants to provide me with Epstein’s list of counsel as long as I agree not to share it with the case team without his consent and that we implement a privilege review of the materials seized from Epstein. So unless you want to discuss, I plan to agree to the former and confirm the latter. I ran it by  just to be safe.

Thanks,

From: [Redacted] <redacted> <mark text="">
Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 4:58 PM
To: 'Marty Weinberg' <marty@martinweinberglaw.com>; Miller, Michael <martinweinberglaw.com> <martinweinberg@michaeli.edu>
Cc: [Redacted] <mark text="">; Weingarten, Reid <weingarten@michaeli.edu>
&gt; <mark text="">; <mark text="">

Subject: RE: privilege review contact information

Marty, Mike,

Following up on our conversation this afternoon via phone, I wanted to put you in touch directly with [Redacted], who is the Office's Privilege Review Logistic Coordinator. I know you have been interested in providing us with privilege-related information in connection with our review process; please feel free to contact Ms. [Redacted] directly to facilitate that. She is available at the email address copied here.

thank you,

[Redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00013252</mark></mark></weingarten@martinweinberglaw.com></martinweinberglaw.com></marty@martinweinberglaw.com></mark>