EFTA00014139

From: " (FBI)" &lt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;
Subject: Re: Epstein Agreement
Date: Thu, 03 Jul 2008 16:49:20 +0000
Importance: Normal

Original Message

From: (USAFLS) &lt;
To: &lt;
Cc: (USAFLS); ..
Sent: Thu Jul 03 11:58:51 2008
Subject: Epstein Agreement

Dear Colonel Gauger:

Thank you for taking the time to meet with us on Tuesday. As we discussed, I have attached the pertinent portion of Mr. Epstein’s agreement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office.

&lt;<epstein agrmt="" portion.pdf="">&gt;

I also wanted to call to your attention a couple of items regarding the issue of Work Release. During the change of plea, Mr. Epstein stated that he would be working at the Florida Science Foundation, located at 250 Australian Avenue, Suite 1400, that the Foundation had been in existence for a “couple of years,” and that he had been working there “every day” prior to the plea. The Division of Corporations’ documents show that the Florida Science Foundation was incorporated in November 2007, not a “couple of years ago.” The address provided for the “office” of the Florida Science Foundation is Jack Goldberger’s office suite, and neither the office building directory nor the office suite door reflects that such a business is located there, and neither the security guard nor any building tenant that FBI questioned knows of the existence of such a business. Mr. Epstein also could not have been working there “every day” when he hadn’t been in Palm Beach County in the past six months.

I would appreciate the opportunity to review the work release regulations. If Mr. Epstein truly is eligible for the program, we have no objection to him being treated like any other similarly situated prisoner, but sitting in his attorney’s office suite making telephone calls, web-surfing, and having food delivered to him is probably not in accordance with the objectives of imprisonment. Obviously, the decision is left entirely within your discretion, but I wanted to make sure that you had a complete picture before you made that decision.

Thank you again, and have a wonderful 4th of July.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone
Fax</epstein>