From:
To:
Subject: RE: Special Master's Selection of Attorney Representative
Date: Fri, 19 Oct 2007 20:04:05 +0000
Importance: Normal

- FYI -- The story of the lawsuit filed by the girl in New York has made the national news (it was on Fox News several times today and it is on ABC News' website). I think that may be the real reason for the delay in the change of plea. Epstein's group is concerned that the guilty plea will be used against him in civil suits and they want to knock that lawsuit out before the guilty plea to deter others. One of the newspapers also reported that Epstein's camp had planted the false stories about girls who "just sat in his kitchen" filing suit in an attempt to discredit the girls.

From:
Sent: Fri 19 Oct 2007 19:49
To:
Subject: RE: Special Master's Selection of Attorney Representative

I'll contact him but before I do we'll chat. Jay was supposed to send me his comments to our proposed letter but I haven't gotten them yet.

From:
Sent: Friday, October 19, 2007 3:27 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Special Master's Selection of Attorney Representative

Will you contact him or do you want me to do that?

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Fri 19/19/2007 3:24 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Special Master's Selection of Attorney Representative

has not been contacted yet.

From:
Sent: Friday, October 19, 2007 2:58 PM
To:
Subject: Special Master's Selection of Attorney Representative

Hi - Has the special master made his selection yet? Several of the girls are getting calls from attorneys, and they have been seeing all the news and are concerned. If the selection has not yet been made, may I call Judge Davis and ask the status of the decision?

Thank you.

EFTA00013618