From: "USAFLS" <o=usa ou="FLS/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN="">

To: [REDACTED]

Cc: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Subject: RE: Epstein settlement agreement

Date: Fri, 02 Nov 2007 13:50:32 +0000

Importance: Normal

Dear [REDACTED]

I was just informed that a case disposition conference has been set in the Epstein case on January 7, 2008. Our agreement with Mr. Epstein contemplated a simultaneous plea and sentencing for October (or, as we later agreed, November), followed by Mr. Epstein self-surrendering to begin serving his sentence not later than January 4, 2008. From your last e-mail, it appeared that the judge was under the impression that Mr. Epstein could not be sentenced before January 2008. We are hoping that Judge McSorley would consider conducting the simultaneous plea and sentencing some time before January 4, 2008, so that Mr. Epstein can comply with the terms of our agreement and begin serving his sentence on January 4, 2008.

I also would appreciate it if you could send me a copy of the plea agreement, the Information that you plan to file (if it hasn't been filed already), and any factual proffer or other documents related to the plea. Please also let me know the date and time of the plea and sentencing so that someone from our office can attend and insure Mr. Epstein's compliance with the terms of his federal non-prosecution agreement.

If you need any information regarding the federal investigation, or if you have any questions about the terms of the federal non-prosecution agreement, please do not hesitate to contact me at the number below or [REDACTED] in the West Palm Beach office.

Thank you,

First Assistant United States Attorney

Assistant U.S. Attorney

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Monday, October 29, 2007 9:22 PM

To: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Subject: Epstein settlement agreement

EFTA00013524</o=usa>

Good evening. I am the ASA with the Epstein case in Palm Beach County. The negotiated settlement is a definite go. A difficulty arose last week at a conference with the judge on the case. She wants the plea and sentence to occur concurrently; not a plea with a sentencing at a later date. Therefore, the case was set for the first week of January, but the plea and sentence will definitely occur before the January 4th date that was agreed on by all for the sentencing.

If you have any questions, please contact me at

EFTA00013525