From:
To:
Cc:
Bcc:
Subject: Epstein Case
Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2008 20:44:52 +0000
Importance: Normal

Dear :

I just wanted to let you know that and I spoke with Roy Black yesterday regarding the Epstein case. Roy asked whether there was a way to resolve the federal and state litigation simultaneously and mentioned your desire to wrap up the case before you retired. We informed him that the Office’s position is that if Epstein promptly abides by the terms of the signed non-prosecution agreement entered into by the Office and Mr. Epstein, we will end our investigation. If Mr. Epstein chooses to go forward with a different plea in the State, that is his prerogative, but we will consider it a breach of the federal non-prosecution agreement and will proceed accordingly.

The federal non-prosecution agreement signed by Mr. Epstein and his counsel requires Mr. Epstein to plead guilty to the current state indictment and also to an information charging a state offense that requires sex offender registration, specifically the charge of procuring minors to engage in prostitution, at least 18 months imprisonment, and an agreement that the victims can pursue damages claims as though Mr. Epstein had been convicted of the federal offenses. Our agreement does not address probationary periods following the term of incarceration. Those are statutorily set on the federal side, so we have left that issue to the defense to negotiate with you.

If you have any questions, please let me know.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax 561 820-8777

EFTA00013968