EFTA00010187

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM
To: BRO-LegalVisit-S <@bop.gov>, Achal Fernando-Peiris <@bop.gov>, NYS MDCemail <@bop.gov>, BRO/Exec Assistant~ <@bop.gov>, " <@bop.gov>

Subject: URGENT REQUEST-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509
Date: Fri, 20 Nov 2020 19:36:44 +0000

My client -Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509- has been placed in quarantine due to contact with a corrections officer who became infected with COVID. I have not received notification that my scheduled legal visits- for tomorrow 11/21 and next Saturday 11/28 from 12:30 pm - 3:00 pm- but I assume they are cancelled.

**IN LIEU OF THE LEGAL VISITS - I AM REQUESTING LEGAL CALLS FOR TOMORROW AND NEXT SATURDAY FROM 12:30 -3:00 PM.**

There are time sensitive matters to be discussed.

Thank you-

Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

**Covid-19 Notice:** The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

On Nov 17, 2020, at 9:27 AM, BRO-LegalVisit-S <@bop.gov> wrote:

You are scheduled as follows

November 21, 2020
12:30 pm to 3:00 pm</@bop.gov></@bop.gov></@bop.gov></@bop.gov>

November 28, 2020
12:30 pm to 3:00 pm

Asia

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;&gt;&gt; 11/14/2020 6:09 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good afternoon-
I am counsel for
Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509.
I am requesting a legal visit for:
Saturday 11/21 @ 12:30 - 3:00
and
Saturday 11/29 @ 12:30 - 3:00.

I possess a NYS Secure Pass.
Please contact me with any questions.
Thank you-
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00010188