JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:33 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 02

# PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT
## THE FOLLOWING IS TO REFLECT ALL TERMS OF THE NEGOTIATED SETTLEMENT

Name: Jeffrey E. Epstein

Plea: Guilty ☑

|  Case No. | Charge | Count | Lesser | Degree  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  06CF009454AMB | Felony Solicitation of Prostitution | 1 | No | 3 FEL  |
|  08CF009381AMB | Procuring Person Under 18 for Prostitution | 1 | No | 2 FEL  |

PSI: Waived/Not Required ☑ Required/Requested ☐

**ADJUDICATION:** Adjudicate ☑

## SENTENCE:

On 06CF009454AMB, the Defendant is sentenced to 12 months in the Palm Beach County Detention Facility, with credit for 1 (one) day time served.

On 08CF009381AMB, the Defendant is sentenced to 18 months Community Control 1 (one). As a special condition of this Community Control, the Defendant must serve the first 6 months in the Palm Beach County Detention Facility, with credit for 1 (one) day time served. This sentence is to be served consecutive to the 12 month sentence in 06CF009454AMB. The conditions of community control are attached hereto and incorporated herein.

## OTHER COMMENTS OR CONDITIONS:

Court Costs: $474.00
Cost of Prosecution: $50.00
Drug Trust Fund: $50.00

As a special condition of his community control, the Defendant is to have no unsupervised contact with minors, and the supervising adult must be approved by the Department of Corrections.

The Defendant is designated as a Sexual Offender pursuant to Florida Statute 943.0435 and must abide by all the corresponding requirements of the statute, a copy of which is attached hereto and incorporated herein.

The Defendant must provide a DNA sample in court at the time of this plea.

Assistant State Attorney
Attorney for the Defendant
Date of Plea
Defendant

EFTA00013890

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:34 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 03

948.101 Terms and conditions of community control and criminal quarantine community control.

(1) The court shall determine the terms and conditions of community control. Conditions specified in this subsection do not require oral pronouncement at the time of sentencing and may be considered standard conditions of community control.

(a) The court shall require intensive supervision and surveillance for an offender placed into community control, which may include but is not limited to:

1. Specified contact with the parole and probation officer.
2. Confinement to an agreed-upon residence during hours away from employment and public service activities.
3. Mandatory public service.
4. Supervision by the Department of Corrections by means of an electronic monitoring device or system.
5. The standard conditions of probation set forth in s. 948.03.

(b) For an offender placed on criminal quarantine community control, the court shall require:

1. Electronic monitoring 24 hours per day.
2. Confinement to a designated residence during designated hours.

(2) The enumeration of specific kinds of terms and conditions does not prevent the court from adding thereto any other terms or conditions that the court considers proper. However, the sentencing court may only impose a condition of supervision allowing an offender convicted of s. 794.011, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145 to reside in another state if the order stipulates that it is contingent upon the approval of the receiving state interstate compact authority. The court may rescind or modify at any time the terms and conditions theretofore imposed by it upon the offender in community control. However, if the court withholds adjudication of guilt or imposes a period of incarceration as a condition of community control, the period may not exceed 354 days, and incarceration shall be restricted to a county facility, a probation and restitution center under the jurisdiction of the Department of Corrections, a probation program drug punishment phase I secure residential treatment institution, or a community residential facility owned or operated by any entity providing such services.

(3) The court may place a defendant who is being sentenced for criminal transmission of HIV in violation of s. 775.0877 on criminal quarantine community control. The Department of Corrections shall develop and administer a criminal quarantine community control program emphasizing intensive supervision with 24-hour-por-day electronic monitoring. Criminal quarantine community control status must include surveillance and may include other measures normally associated with community control, except that specific conditions necessary to monitor this population may be ordered.

EFTA00013891

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:34 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 04

1943.0435 Sexual offenders required to register with the department; penalty.

(1) As used in this section, the term:

(a)1. "Sexual offender" means a person who meets the criteria in sub-subparagraph a., sub-subparagraph b., sub-subparagraph c., or sub-subparagraph d., as follows:

a.(I) Has been convicted of committing, or attempting, soliciting, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses prescribed in the following statutes in this state or similar offenses in another jurisdiction: s. 787.01, s. 787.02, or s. 787.025(2)(c), where the victim is a minor and the defendant is not the victim's parent or guardian; s. 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10); s. 794.05; s. 796.03; s. 796.035; s. 800.04; s. 825.1025; s. 827.071; s. 847.0133; s. 847.0135, excluding s. 847.0135(4); s. 847.0137; s. 847.0136; s. 847.0145; or s. 985.701(1); or any similar offense committed in this state which has been redesignated from a former statute number to one of those listed in this sub-subparagraph; and

(II) Has been released on or after October 1, 1997, from the sanction imposed for any conviction of an offense described in sub-sub-subparagraph (II). For purposes of sub-sub-subparagraph (I), a sanction imposed in this state or in any other jurisdiction includes, but is not limited to, a fine, probation, community control, parole, conditional release, control release, or incarceration in a state prison, federal prison, private correctional facility, or local detention facility;

b. Establishes or maintains a residence in this state and who has not been designated as a sexual predator by a court of this state but who has been designated as a sexual predator, as a sexually violent predator, or by another sexual offender designation in another state or jurisdiction and was, as a result of such designation, subjected to registration or community or public notification, or both, or would be if the person were a resident of that state or jurisdiction, without regard to whether the person otherwise meets the criteria for registration as a sexual offender;

c. Establishes or maintains a residence in this state who is in the custody or control of, or under the supervision of, any other state or jurisdiction as a result of a conviction for committing, or attempting, soliciting, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses prescribed in the following statutes or similar offense in another jurisdiction: s. 787.01, s. 787.02, or s. 787.025(2)(c), where the victim is a minor and the defendant is not the victim's parent or guardian; s. 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10); s. 794.05; s. 796.03; s. 796.035; s. 800.04; s. 825.1025; s. 827.071; s. 847.0133; s. 847.0135, excluding s. 847.0135(4); s. 847.0137; s. 847.0138; s. 847.0145; or s. 985.701(1); or any similar offense committed in this state which has been redesignated from a former statute number to one of those listed in this sub-subparagraph; or

d. On or after July 1, 2007, has been adjudicated delinquent for committing, or attempting, soliciting, or conspiring to commit, any of the criminal offenses prescribed in the following statutes in this state or similar offenses in another jurisdiction when the juvenile was 14 years of age or older at the time of the offense:

(i) Section 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10);

(ii) Section 800.04(4)(b) where the victim is under 12 years of age or where the court finds sexual activity by the use of force or coercion;

(iii) Section 800.04(5)(c)1. where the court finds molestation involving unclothed genitals; or

EFTA00013892

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:34 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 05

(IV) Section 800.04(5)(d) where the court finds the use of force or coercion and unclothed genitals.

2. For all qualifying offenses listed in sub-subparagraph (1)(a)1.d., the court shall make a written finding of the age of the offender at the time of the offense.

For each violation of a qualifying offense listed in this subsection, the court shall make a written finding of the age of the victim at the time of the offense. For a violation of s. 800.04(4), the court shall additionally make a written finding indicating that the offense did or did not involve sexual activity and indicating that the offense did or did not involve force or coercion. For a violation of s. 800.04(5), the court shall additionally make a written finding that the offense did or did not involve unclothed genitals or genital area and that the offense did or did not involve the use of force or coercion.

(b) "Convicted" means that there has been a determination of guilt as a result of a trial or the entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere, regardless of whether adjudication is withheld, and includes an adjudication of delinquency of a juvenile as specified in this section. Conviction of a similar offense includes, but is not limited to, a conviction by a federal or military tribunal, including courts-martial conducted by the Armed Forces of the United States, and includes a conviction or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere resulting in a sanction in any state of the United States or other jurisdiction. A sanction includes, but is not limited to, a fine, probation, community control, parole, conditional release, control release, or incarceration in a state prison, federal prison, private correctional facility, or local detention facility.

(c) "Permanent residence" and "temporary residence" have the same meaning ascribed in s. 775.21.

(d) "Institution of higher education" means a career center, community college, college, state university, or independent postsecondary institution.

(e) "Change in enrollment or employment status" means the commencement or termination of enrollment or employment or a change in location of enrollment or employment.

(f) "Electronic mail address" has the same meaning as provided in s. 668.607.

(g) "Instant message name" means an identifier that allows a person to communicate in real time with another person using the Internet.

(2) A sexual offender shall:

(a) Report in person at the sheriff's office:

1. In the county in which the offender establishes or maintains a permanent or temporary residence within 48 hours after:

a. Establishing permanent or temporary residence in this state; or

b. Being released from the custody, control, or supervision of the Department of Corrections or from the custody of a private correctional facility; or

2. In the county where he or she was convicted within 48 hours after being convicted for a qualifying offense for registration under this section if the offender is not in the custody or

EFTA00013893

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:35 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 06

control of, or under the supervision of, the Department of Corrections, or is not in the custody of a private correctional facility.

Any change in the sexual offender's permanent or temporary residence, name, any electronic mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph (4)(d), after the sexual offender reports in person at the sheriff's office, shall be accomplished in the manner provided in subsections (4), (7), and (8).

(b) Provide his or her name, date of birth, social security number, race, sex, height, weight, hair and eye color, tattoos or other identifying marks, occupation and place of employment, address of permanent or legal residence or address of any current temporary residence, within the state and out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box, any electronic mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph (4)(d), date and place of each conviction, and a brief description of the crime or crimes committed by the offender. A post office box shall not be provided in lieu of a physical residential address.

1. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or manufactured home, as defined in chapter 320, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department through the sheriff's office written notice of the vehicle identification number; the license tag number; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or manufactured home. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat, as defined in chapter 327, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department written notice of the hull identification number; the manufacturer's serial number; the name of the vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat.

2. If the sexual offender is enrolled, employed, or carrying on a vacation at an institution of higher education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department through the sheriff's office the name, address, and county of each institution, including each campus attended, and the sexual offender's enrollment or employment status. Each change in enrollment or employment status shall be reported in person at the sheriff's office, within 48 hours after any change in status. The sheriff shall promptly notify each institution of the sexual offender's presence and any change in the sexual offender's enrollment or employment status.

When a sexual offender reports at the sheriff's office, the sheriff shall take a photograph and a set of fingerprints of the offender and forward the photographs and fingerprints to the department, along with the information provided by the sexual offender. The sheriff shall promptly provide to the department the information received from the sexual offender.

(3) Within 48 hours after the report required under subsection (2), a sexual offender shall report in person at a driver's license office of the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, unless a driver's license or identification card that complies with the requirements of s. 322.141(3) was previously secured or updated under s. 944.607. At the driver's license office the sexual offender shall:

(a) If otherwise qualified, secure a Florida driver's license, renew a Florida driver's license, or secure an identification card. The sexual offender shall identify himself or herself as a sexual offender who is required to comply with this section and shall provide proof that the sexual offender reported as required in subsection (2). The sexual offender shall provide any of the information specified in subsection (2), if requested. The sexual offender shall submit to the taking of a photograph for use in issuing a driver's license, renewed license, or identification card, and for use by the department in maintaining current records of sexual offenders.

EFTA00013894

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:35 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 07

(b) Pay the costs assessed by the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles for issuing or renewing a driver's license or identification card as required by this section. The driver's license or identification card issued must be in compliance with s. 322.141(3).

(c) Provide, upon request, any additional information necessary to confirm the identity of the sexual offender, including a set of fingerprints.

(4)(a) Each time a sexual offender's driver's license or identification card is subject to renewal, and, without regard to the status of the offender's driver's license or identification card, within 48 hours after any change in the offender's permanent or temporary residence or change in the offender's name by reason of marriage or other legal process, the offender shall report in person to a driver's license office, and shall be subject to the requirements specified in subsection (3). The Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles shall forward to the department all photographs and information provided by sexual offenders. Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in s. 322.142, the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles is authorized to release a reproduction of a color-photograph or digital-image license to the Department of Law Enforcement for purposes of public notification of sexual offenders as provided in this section and ss. 943.043 and 944.606.

(b) A sexual offender who vacates a permanent residence and fails to establish or maintain another permanent or temporary residence shall, within 48 hours after vacating the permanent residence, report in person to the sheriff's office of the county in which he or she is located. The sexual offender shall specify the date upon which he or she intends to or did vacate such residence. The sexual offender must provide or update all of the registration information required under paragraph (2)(b). The sexual offender must provide an address for the residence or other location that he or she is or will be occupying during the time in which he or she fails to establish or maintain a permanent or temporary residence.

(c) A sexual offender who remains at a permanent residence after reporting his or her intent to vacate such residence shall, within 48 hours after the date upon which the offender indicated he or she would or did vacate such residence, report in person to the agency to which he or she reported pursuant to paragraph (b) for the purpose of reporting his or her address at such residence. When the sheriff receives the report, the sheriff shall promptly convey the information to the department. An offender who makes a report as required under paragraph (b) but fails to make a report as required under this paragraph commits a felony of the second degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084.

(d) A sexual offender must register any electronic mail address or instant message name with the department prior to using such electronic mail address or instant message name on or after October 1, 2007. The department shall establish an online system through which sexual offenders may securely access and update all electronic mail address and instant message name information.

(5) This section does not apply to a sexual offender who is also a sexual predator, as defined in s. 775.21. A sexual predator must register as required under s. 775.21.

(6) County and local law enforcement agencies, in conjunction with the department, shall verify the addresses of sexual offenders who are not under the care, custody, control, or supervision of the Department of Corrections in a manner that is consistent with the provisions of the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 and any other federal standards applicable to such verification or required to be met as a condition for the receipt of federal funds by the state. Local law enforcement agencies shall report to the department any failure by a sexual offender to comply with registration requirements.

EFTA00013895

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:35 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 08

(7) A sexual offender who intends to establish residence in another state or jurisdiction other than the State of Florida shall report in person to the sheriff of the county of current residence within 48 hours before the date he or she intends to leave this state to establish residence in another state or jurisdiction. The notification must include the address, municipality, county, and state of intended residence. The sheriff shall promptly provide to the department the information received from the sexual offender. The department shall notify the statewide law enforcement agency, or a comparable agency, in the intended state or jurisdiction of residence of the sexual offender's intended residence. The failure of a sexual offender to provide his or her intended place of residence is punishable as provided in subsection (9).

(8) A sexual offender who indicates his or her intent to reside in another state or jurisdiction other than the State of Florida and later decides to remain in this state shall, within 48 hours after the date upon which the sexual offender indicated he or she would leave this state, report in person to the sheriff to which the sexual offender reported the intended change of residence, and report his or her intent to remain in this state. The sheriff shall promptly report this information to the department. A sexual offender who reports his or her intent to reside in another state or jurisdiction but who remains in this state without reporting to the sheriff in the manner required by this subsection commits a felony of the second degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084.

(9)(a) A sexual offender who does not comply with the requirements of this section commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084.

(b) A sexual offender who commits any act or omission in violation of this section may be prosecuted for the act or omission in the county in which the act or omission was committed, the county of the last registered address of the sexual offender, or the county in which the conviction occurred for the offense or offenses that meet the criteria for designating a person as a sexual offender.

(c) An arrest on charges of failure to register when the offender has been provided and advised of his or her statutory obligations to register under subsection (2), the service of an information or a complaint for a violation of this section, or an arraignment on charges for a violation of this section constitutes actual notice of the duty to register. A sexual offender's failure to immediately register as required by this section following such arrest, service, or arraignment constitutes grounds for a subsequent charge of failure to register. A sexual offender charged with the crime of failure to register who asserts, or intends to assert, a lack of notice of the duty to register as a defense to a charge of failure to register shall immediately register as required by this section. A sexual offender who is charged with a subsequent failure to register may not assert the defense of a lack of notice of the duty to register.

(d) Registration following such arrest, service, or arraignment is not a defense and does not relieve the sexual offender of criminal liability for the failure to register.

(10) The department, the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, the Department of Corrections, the Department of Juvenile Justice, any law enforcement agency in this state, and the personnel of those departments; an elected or appointed official, public employee, or school administrator; or an employee, agency, or any individual or entity acting at the request or upon the direction of any law enforcement agency is immune from civil liability for damages for good faith compliance with the requirements of this section or for the release of information under this section, and shall be presumed to have acted in good faith in compiling, recording, reporting, or releasing the information. The presumption of good faith is not overcome if a technical or clerical error is made by the department, the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, the Department of Corrections, the Department of Juvenile

EFTA00013896

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:36 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 09

Justice, the personnel of those departments, or any individual or entity acting at the request or upon the direction of any of those departments in compiling or providing information, or if information is incomplete or incorrect because a sexual offender fails to report or falsely reports his or her current place of permanent or temporary residence.

(11) Except as provided in s. 943.04384, a sexual offender must maintain registration with the department for the duration of his or her life, unless the sexual offender has received a full pardon or has had a conviction set aside in a postconviction proceeding for any offense that meets the criteria for classifying the person as a sexual offender for purposes of registration. However, a sexual offender:

(a)1. Who has been lawfully released from confinement, supervision, or sanction, whichever is later, for at least 25 years and has not been arrested for any felony or misdemeanor offense since release, provided that the sexual offender's requirement to register was not based upon an adult conviction:

a. For a violation of s. 787.01 or s. 787.02;
b. For a violation of s. 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10);
c. For a violation of s. 800.04(4)(b) where the court finds the offense involved a victim under 12 years of age or sexual activity by the use of force or coercion;
d. For a violation of s. 800.04(5)(b);
e. For a violation of s. 800.04(5)c.2. where the court finds the offense involved unclothed genitals or genital area;
f. For any attempt or conspiracy to commit any such offense; or
g. For a violation of similar law of another jurisdiction,

may petition the criminal division of the circuit court of the circuit in which the sexual offender resides for the purpose of removing the requirement for registration as a sexual offender.

2. The court may grant or deny relief if the offender demonstrates to the court that he or she has not been arrested for any crime since release; the requested relief complies with the provisions of the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 and any other federal standards applicable to the removal of registration requirements for a sexual offender or required to be met as a condition for the receipt of federal funds by the state; and the court is otherwise satisfied that the offender is not a current or potential threat to public safety. The state attorney in the circuit in which the petition is filed must be given notice of the petition at least 3 weeks before the hearing on the matter. The state attorney may present evidence in opposition to the requested relief or may otherwise demonstrate the reasons why the petition should be denied. If the court denies the petition, the court may set a future date at which the sexual offender may again petition the court for relief, subject to the standards for relief provided in this subsection.

3. The department shall remove an offender from classification as a sexual offender for purposes of registration if the offender provides to the department a certified copy of the court's written findings or order that indicates that the offender is no longer required to comply with the requirements for registration as a sexual offender.

EFTA00013897

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:36 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 10

(b) As defined in sub-subparagraph (1)(e)1.b, must maintain registration with the department for the duration of his or her life until the person provides the department with an order issued by the court that designated the person as a sexual predator, as a sexually violent predator, or by another sexual offender designation in the state or jurisdiction in which the order was issued which states that such designation has been removed or demonstrates to the department that such designation, if not imposed by a court, has been removed by operation of law or court order in the state or jurisdiction in which the designation was made, and provided such person no longer meets the criteria for registration as a sexual offender under the laws of this state.

(12) The Legislature finds that sexual offenders, especially those who have committed offenses against minors, often pose a high risk of engaging in sexual offenses even after being released from incarceration or commitment and that protection of the public from sexual offenders is a paramount government interest. Sexual offenders have a reduced expectation of privacy because of the public's interest in public safety and in the effective operation of government. Releasing information concerning sexual offenders to law enforcement agencies and to persons who request such information, and the release of such information to the public by a law enforcement agency or public agency, will further the governmental interests of public safety. The designation of a person as a sexual offender is not a sentence or a punishment but is simply the status of the offender which is the result of a conviction for having committed certain crimes.

(13) Any person who has reason to believe that a sexual offender is not complying, or has not complied, with the requirements of this section and who, with the intent to assist the sexual offender in eluding a law enforcement agency that is seeking to find the sexual offender to question the sexual offender about, or to arrest the sexual offender for, his or her noncompliance with the requirements of this section:

(a) Withholds information from, or does not notify, the law enforcement agency about the sexual offender's noncompliance with the requirements of this section, and, if known, the whereabouts of the sexual offender;

(b) Harbors, or attempts to harbor, or assists another person in harboring or attempting to harbor, the sexual offender; or

(c) Conceals or attempts to conceal, or assists another person in concealing or attempting to conceal, the sexual offender; or

(d) Provides information to the law enforcement agency regarding the sexual offender that the person knows to be false information, commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084.

(14)(a) A sexual offender must report in person each year during the month of the sexual offender's birthday and during the sixth month following the sexual offender's birth month to the sheriff's office in the county in which he or she resides or is otherwise located to reregister.

(b) However, a sexual offender who is required to register as a result of a conviction for:

1. Section 787.01 or s. 787.02 where the victim is a minor and the offender is not the victim's parent or guardian;

EFTA00013898

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:37 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 11

2. Section 794.011, excluding s. 794.011(10);
3. Section 800.04(4)(b) where the court finds the offense involved a victim under 12 years of age or sexual activity by the use of force or coercion;
4. Section 800.04(5)(b);
5. Section 800.04(5)(c)1, where the court finds molestation involving unclothed genitals or genital area;
6. Section 800.04(5)c.2, where the court finds molestation involving unclothed genitals or genital area;
7. Section 800.04(5)(d) where the court finds the use of force or coercion and unclothed genitals or genital area;
8. Any attempt or conspiracy to commit such offense; or
9. A violation of a similar law of another jurisdiction,

must reregister each year during the month of the sexual offender's birthday and every third month thereafter.

(c) The sheriff's office may determine the appropriate times and days for reporting by the sexual offender, which shall be consistent with the reporting requirements of this subsection. Reregistration shall include any changes to the following information:

1. Name; social security number; age; race; sex; date of birth; height; weight; hair and eye color; address of any permanent residence and address of any current temporary residence, within the state or out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box; any electronic mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph (4)(d); date and place of any employment; vehicle make, model, color, and license tag number; fingerprints; and photograph. A post office box shall not be provided in lieu of a physical residential address.
2. If the sexual offender is enrolled, employed, or carrying on a vacation at an institution of higher education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department the name, address, and county of each institution, including each campus attended, and the sexual offender's enrollment or employment status.
3. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or manufactured home, as defined in chapter 320, the sexual offender shall also provide the vehicle identification number; the license tag number; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or manufactured home. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat, as defined in chapter 327, the sexual offender shall also provide the hull identification number; the manufacturer's serial number; the name of the vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the vessel, live-aboard vessel or houseboat.
4. Any sexual offender who fails to report in person as required at the sheriff's office, or who fails to respond to any address verification correspondence from the department within 3 weeks of the date of the correspondence or who fails to report electronic mail addresses or

EFTA00013899

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:37 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 12

Instant message names, commits a felony of the third degree, punishable as provided in s. 775.082, s. 775.083, or s. 775.084.

(d) The sheriffs office shall, within 2 working days, electronically submit and update all information provided by the sexual offender to the department in a manner prescribed by the department.

EFTA00013900

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:37 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 13

948.30 Additional terms and conditions of probation or community control for certain sex offenses.--Conditions imposed pursuant to this section do not require oral pronouncement at the time of sentencing and shall be considered standard conditions of probation or community control for offenders specified in this section.

(1) Effective for probationers or community controllees whose crime was committed on or after October 1, 1995, and who are placed under supervision for violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145, the court must impose the following conditions in addition to all other standard and special conditions imposed:

(a) A mandatory curfew from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. The court may designate another 8-hour period if the offender's employment precludes the above specified time, and the alternative is recommended by the Department of Corrections. If the court determines that imposing a curfew would endanger the victim, the court may consider alternative sanctions.

(b) If the victim was under the age of 18, a prohibition on living within 1,000 feet of a school, day care center, park, playground, or other place where children regularly congregate, as prescribed by the court. The 1,000-foot distance shall be measured in a straight line from the offender's place of residence to the nearest boundary line of the school, day care center, park, playground, or other place where children congregate. The distance may not be measured by a pedestrian route or automobile route.

(c) Active participation in and successful completion of a sex offender treatment program with qualified practitioners specifically trained to treat sex offenders, at the probationer's or community controllee's own expense. If a qualified practitioner is not available within a 50-mile radius of the probationer's or community controllee's residence, the offender shall participate in other appropriate therapy.

(d) A prohibition on any contact with the victim, directly or indirectly, including through a third person, unless approved by the victim, the offender's therapist, and the sentencing court.

(e) If the victim was under the age of 18, a prohibition on contact with a child under the age of 18 except as provided in this paragraph. The court may approve supervised contact with a child under the age of 18 if the approval is based upon a recommendation for contact issued by a qualified practitioner who is basing the recommendation on a risk assessment. Further, the sex offender must be currently enrolled in or have successfully completed a sex offender therapy program. The court may not grant supervised contact with a child if the contact is not recommended by a qualified practitioner and may deny supervised contact with a child at any time. When considering whether to approve supervised contact with a child, the court must review and consider the following:

1. A risk assessment completed by a qualified practitioner. The qualified practitioner must prepare a written report that must include the findings of the assessment and address each of the following components:

a. The sex offender's current legal status;

b. The sex offender's history of adult charges with apparent sexual motivation;

c. The sex offender's history of adult charges without apparent sexual motivation;

EFTA00013901

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:37 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 14

d. The sex offender's history of juvenile charges, whenever available;
e. The sex offender's offender treatment history, including consultations with the sex offender's treating, or most recent treating, therapist;
f. The sex offender's current mental status;
g. The sex offender's mental health and substance abuse treatment history as provided by the Department of Corrections;
h. The sex offender's personal, social, educational, and work history;
i. The results of current psychological testing of the sex offender if determined necessary by the qualified practitioner;
j. A description of the proposed contact, including the location, frequency, duration, and supervisory arrangement;
k. The child's preference and relative comfort level with the proposed contact, when age appropriate;
l. The parent's or legal guardian's preference regarding the proposed contact; and
m. The qualified practitioner's opinion, along with the basis for that opinion, as to whether the proposed contact would likely pose significant risk of emotional or physical harm to the child.

The written report of the assessment must be given to the court;

2. A recommendation made as a part of the risk assessment report as to whether supervised contact with the child should be approved;
3. A written consent signed by the child's parent or legal guardian, if the parent or legal guardian is not the sex offender, agreeing to the sex offender having supervised contact with the child after receiving full disclosure of the sex offender's present legal status, past criminal history, and the results of the risk assessment. The court may not approve contact with the child if the parent or legal guardian refuses to give written consent for supervised contact;
4. A safety plan prepared by the qualified practitioner, who provides treatment to the offender, in collaboration with the sex offender, the child's parent or legal guardian, if the parent or legal guardian is not the sex offender, and the child, when age appropriate, which details the acceptable conditions of contact between the sex offender and the child. The safety plan must be reviewed and approved by the court; and
5. Evidence that the child's parent or legal guardian understands the need for and agrees to the safety plan and has agreed to provide, or to designate another adult to provide, constant supervision any time the child is in contact with the offender.

The court may not appoint a person to conduct a risk assessment and may not accept a risk assessment from a person who has not demonstrated to the court that he or she has met the requirements of a qualified practitioner as defined in this section.

EFTA00013902

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:38 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 15

(f) If the victim was under age 18, a prohibition on working for pay or as a volunteer at any place where children regularly congregate, including, but not limited to, schools, day care centers, parks, playgrounds, pet stores, libraries, zoos, theme parks, and malls.

(g) Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, accessing, owning, or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern.

(h) Effective for probationers and community controllees whose crime is committed on or after July 1, 2005, a prohibition on accessing the Internet or other computer services until the offender's sex offender treatment program, after a risk assessment is completed, approves and implements a safety plan for the offender's accessing or using the Internet or other computer services.

(i) A requirement that the probationer or community controllee must submit a specimen of blood or other approved biological specimen to the Department of Law Enforcement to be registered with the DNA data bank.

(j) A requirement that the probationer or community controllee make restitution to the victim, as ordered by the court under s. 775.089, for all necessary medical and related professional services relating to physical, psychiatric, and psychological care.

(k) Submission to a warrantless search by the community control or probation officer of the probationer's or community controllee's person, residence, or vehicle.

(2) Effective for a probationer or community controllee whose crime was committed on or after October 1, 1997, and who is placed on community control or sex offender probation for a violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145, in addition to any other provision of this section, the court must impose the following conditions of probation or community control:

(a) As part of a treatment program, participation at least annually in polygraph examinations to obtain information necessary for risk management and treatment and to reduce the sex offender's denial mechanisms. A polygraph examination must be conducted by a polygrapher trained specifically in the use of the polygraph for the monitoring of sex offenders, where available, and shall be paid for by the sex offender. The results of the polygraph examination shall not be used as evidence in court to prove that a violation of community supervision has occurred.

(b) Maintenance of a driving log and a prohibition against driving a motor vehicle alone without the prior approval of the supervising officer.

(c) A prohibition against obtaining or using a post office box without the prior approval of the supervising officer.

(d) If there was sexual contact, a submission to, at the probationer's or community controllee's expense, an HIV test with the results to be released to the victim or the victim's parent or guardian.

EFTA00013903

JUN-27-2008 FRI 03:38 PM
FAX NO. 5618358691
P. 16

(e) Electronic monitoring when deemed necessary by the community control or probation officer and his or her supervisor, and ordered by the court at the recommendation of the Department of Corrections.

(3) Effective for a probationer or community controller whose crime was committed on or after September 1, 2005, and who:

(a) Is placed on probation or community control for a violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04(4), (5), or (6), s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145 and the unlawful sexual activity involved a victim 15 years of age or younger and the offender is 18 years of age or older;

(b) Is designated a sexual predator pursuant to s. 775.21; or

(c) Has previously been convicted of a violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04(4), (5), or (6), s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145 and the unlawful sexual activity involved a victim 15 years of age or younger and the offender is 18 years of age or older,

the court must order, in addition to any other provision of this section, mandatory electronic monitoring as a condition of the probation or community control supervision.

EFTA00013904