From:
To:
Bcc:
Subject: FW: Non-Prosecution Agreement in Epstein Case
Date: Tue, 12 Aug 2008 15:36:53 +0000
Importance: Normal

It looks like they only filed the original September agreement not either of the addenda.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone
Fax 561 820-8777

From:
Sent: Tuesday, August 12, 2008 11:35 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Non-Prosecution Agreement in Epstein Case

Marie

The 7 page agreement was filed under seal with the attached signature pages.

As to a transcript, you would have to contact court administration and arrange for that together with payment.

Good luck.

From: (USAFLS) [mailto:
Sent: Tuesday, July 01, 2008 11:51 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Non-Prosecution Agreement in Epstein Case

Hi — I am attaching the agreement, with addenda, for filing with the Court under seal.

We also noticed a couple of “misstatements” during the change of plea and wanted to call them to your attention. First, the Division of Corporations’ documents show that the Florida Science Foundation was incorporated in November 2007, not a “couple of years ago” as reported by Mr. Epstein. The address provided for the “office” of the Florida Science Foundation is Jack Goldberger’s office suite, and neither the office building directory nor the office suite door reflects that such a business is located there, and neither the security guard nor any building tenant that FBI questioned knows of the existence of such a business. And, of course, Mr. Epstein could not have been working there “every day” when he hasn’t been in Palm Beach County in the past six months.

We will leave it to your discretion as to whether this should be brought to the Court’s attention.

&lt;<epstein agrmt001.pdf="">&gt;

EFTA00013965</epstein>

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone [REDACTED]
Fax 561 820-8777

EFTA00013966