From:
To:
Subject: FW: jeffrey epstein
Date: Fri, 21 Sep 2007 15:18:35 +0000
Importance: Normal

Do you know what she's talking about?

Sent from my GoodLink synchronized handheld (www.good.com)

---Original Message---

From: Lilly Ann Sanchez [mailto]
Sent: Friday, September 21, 2007 10:24 AM Eastern Standard Time
To:
Subject: jeffrey epstein

i know you are on vacation in a different time zone, however, i want to finalize the plea deal and there is only one issue outstanding and i do not believe that alex has read all the defense submissions that would assist in his determination on this point...upon resolution, we will be prepared to sign as soon as today. you are only one left in chain of command on this case...with gone. please call me if you have a moment ...i would like your thoughts on this.

Lilly Ann Sanchez, Esq.
FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A.
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor
1395 Brickell Avenue
Miami, Florida 33131-3302

**TAX MATTERS- IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: To ensure compliance with requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax advice contained in this communication (including attachments) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein. If you would like such advice, please contact us.***

***Attention: The information contained in this E-mail message is attorney privileged and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any

EFTA00013610

dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply E-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.

EFTA00013611