STATE OF FLORIDA

vs.

Jeffrey E. Eales

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA

CASE NUMBER(S): 03-05-001341AM6

# PLEA IN THE CIRCUIT COURT

1. DEFENDANT: I am the defendant in the above-mentioned matter(s), and I am represented by the attorney indicated below. I understand I have the right to be represented by an attorney at all stages of the proceeding until the case is terminated, and if I cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed free of charge. [☑]

2. DEFENDANT: I understand I have the right to a speedy and public trial either by jury or by court. I hereby waive and give up this right. [☑]

3. DEFENDANT: I understand I have the right to be confronted by the witnesses against me and to cross examine them by myself or through my attorney. I hereby give up these rights. [☑]

4. DEFENDANT: I understand I have the right to testify on my own behalf, but I cannot be compelled to be a witness against myself and may remain silent if I so choose. I hereby give up these rights. [☑]

5. DEFENDANT: I understand I have the right to call witnesses to testify in my behalf and to invoke the compulsory process of the Court to subpoena those witnesses. I hereby give up these rights. [☑]

6. DEFENDANT: I understand I have the right to appeal all matters relating to the charge(s) and, unless I plea Guilty or No Contest, specifically reserving my right to appeal, I will give up such right of appeal. [☑]

7. DEFENDANT: I understand that if I am not a United States Citizen, my plea may subject me to deportation pursuant to the laws and regulations governing the United States Immigration and Naturalization Service; and, this Court has no jurisdiction (authority) in such matters. [☑]

8. DEFENDANT: I have not received any promises from anyone, including my attorney, concerning eligibility for any form of early release authorized by law and further no promises have been made to me as to the actual amount of time that I will serve under the sentence to be imposed. Further, I understand that this plea may be used to enhance future criminal penalties in any court system, even if adjudication of guilt is withheld. [☑]

9. DEFENDANT: I offer my plea freely and voluntarily and of my own accord, with full understanding of all matters set forth in the pleadings and this waiver. [☑]

10. DEFENDANT: I have personally placed my initials in each bracket above, and I understand each and every one of the rights outlined above. I hereby waive and give up each of them in order to enter my plea to the within charge(s). I understand that even though the Court may approve the agreement of sentence, the Court is not bound by the agreement, the Court may withdraw its approval at any time before pronouncing judgment, in which case I shall be able to withdraw my plea should I desire to do so.

11. DEFENDANT: Choose one:
If applicable, I choose a program which is or may be spiritually based. [☑]
If applicable, I choose a program which is NOT spiritually based. [☑]
If applicable, I have no preference if the program is or may be spiritually based. [☐]

DEFENDANT
DATE

# DEFENDANT'S ATTORNEY ONLY:

I am attorney of record. I have explained each of the above rights to the defendant and have explored the facts with him/her and studied his/her possible defenses to the charge(s). I concur with his/her decision to waive the rights and to enter this plea. I further stipulate that this document may be received by the Court as evidence of defendant's intelligent waiver of these rights and that it shall be filed by the Clerk as permanent record of that waiver.

ATTORNEY FOR THE DEFENDANT
DATE

Original - Clerk Green - State Attorney
Form Circuit 1 (rev 8/2000)

Page 1 of 14

Page 1 of 14

EFTA00010495