From: ___________________________________________________________
To: ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: ___________________________________________________________: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call"
Date: Wed, 11 Mar 2020 23:04:47 +0000

This had Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Megan Markel in the same story.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 7:03 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: ___________________________________________________________: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call"

Nothing that I recall even comes close. For context, a really important WSJ or Times articles average about $250-500k.

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 11, 2020, at 6:48 PM, ___________________________________________________________ wrote:

Has any other article come close to that? An estimated 231,333,672 readers.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:25 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: ___________________________________________________________: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call"

This article is estimated to have over $4M in publicity value. Insane.

From: Critical Mention <alert@criticalmention.com>
Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:02 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: _________________________________________________________: Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call"

EFTA00009823</alert@criticalmention.com>

Critical Mention

You're always on it with Critical Mention.

# new mention

## Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call

|   | Source Yahoo Lifestyle
Market United States  |
| --- | --- |

## +Add to Report

## View More Mentions

Critical Mention allows users to search global TV, Radio, Online News &amp; Social from the United States, Canada, and Europe, watch video, edit and share coverage, receive real-time email alerts, build reports, and analyze coverage through word clouds and graphs.

To make changes to this alert, please login to Critical Mention.

To stop receiving these alerts, click here to unsubscribe.

completely separate from me and my wife. We operate in a way of inclusivity and we are focusing on community.

And so we are completely separate from the majority of my family. "Prince Harry's comments are also becoming public as New York-based prosecutors - in making a position with their investigation of Epstein and his associates. Copyright © 2020 Critical Mention, All rights reserved.

"Prince Andrew has now completely shut the door of the American public," says Mention, US Attorney for Manhattan, Geoffrey S. Berman, said on Monday. He...

Our mailing address is:

Critical Mention
521 5th Avenue
16th Fl
New York, NY 1017S

EFTA00009824