From: " " " " &gt;
To: " " " " &gt;, " " " " &gt;, " " " " &gt;, "

Subject: FW: Response Letters Epstein
Date: Mon, 22 Jun 2009 14:36:35 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: 6.19.09_Cover_Letter_to PDF; 6.19.09_Letter_to PDF; Exhibits_to_6.19.09_Letter_to PDF

I received all of these from Jay. Apparently a 3-ring binder was fed exed to WPB and arrived this morning. It contains these three documents (the Exhibits attachment is 135 pages long).

Aahhh, summer associate season at Kirkland and Ellis. I will review and get back to you.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of Florida
500 East Broward Boulevard,
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33394
Fax

From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto ]
Sent: Friday, June 19, 2009 6:36 PM
To:
Subject: Response Letters

Dear

Attached please find letters and exhibits responding to your two recent letters.

I hope we can speak next week.

Best, Jay

***
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof,

EFTA00013853

including all attachments.

EFTA00013854