FD-302 (Rev. 5-8-10)

- 1 of 3 -

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Date of entry 08/30/2019

Senior Officer Specialist, at Bureau of Prison's (BOP) METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL CENTER (MCC), 150 Park Row, New York, New York, date of birth (DOB) was interviewed at the United States Attorneys Office (USAO), Southern District of New York (SDNY), 1 St. Andrews Plaza, New York, New York. Present for the interview were FBI Special Agent (SA) FBI Task Force Officer (TFO) Office of the Inspector General (OIG) SA Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) and 's attorney, Natali Todd. AUSA advised that the interview was in lieu of an appearance before the Federal Grand Jury and is voluntary. AUSA also went over a standard proffer agreement. After being advised of the identity of the interviewing investigators and the nature of the interview, provided the following information:

started working for the BOP in February 2011 at Allenwood. transferred to MCC in October 2013. is a Senior Officer Specialist (SOS) but also serves as a Lieutenant. This usually happens when is working overtime and is in the capacity of an acting activities Lieutenant.

stated that in order to do a round, an officer has to physically go inside the area that is occupied by inmates. As an activities Lieutenant, makes a round through the Special Housing Unit (SHU) and asks the officers in the SHU if things are good. She is usually called numerous times to the SHU for certain issues like when an inmate complains that he hasn't received something, i.e. property. then takes note of the issue and advises the Captain.

As an activities Lieutenant, sees a sampling of tiers at MCC during her shift. uses her PIV Card at a computer terminal to log rounds. Each unit at MCC has a different log.

Investigation on 08/20/2019 at New York, New York, United States (In Person)

File # 90A-NY-3151227 Date drafted 08/23/2019

by

This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside your agency.

EFTA00009958

FD-302a (Rev. 5-8-10)

90A-NY-3151227

Continuation of FD-302 of (U) Interview of

On 08/20/2019, Page 2 of 3

[REDACTED] works as an SOS during her normal shift, which is usually the day watch, 8am-4pm. If [REDACTED] works overtime, she acts as activities Lieutenant from 4pm-10pm. [REDACTED] has worked as a Corrections Officer in the SHU, usually on overtime and on evening watch. During her shifts in the SHU, [REDACTED] has responsibilities pertaining to the inmates such as phone calls, showers, and the library. The 30 minute rounds are recorded in TruScope and on paper logs. [REDACTED] stated that she has not worked with anyone who didn't do the rounds. [REDACTED] participates in the 10am count on the weekends but during the week, a count is not done during her regular shift, 8am-4pm. During the week, [REDACTED] leaves before the 10pm count is conducted.

During a count, all inmates have to be seen. The inmates are counted by one officer, then another officer. If there are only two officers working during a count, one officer will count the inmates, then the officers switch and the other officer will count the inmates. The officers are to only count inmates that are physically in their unit.

In the Control Center, an employee gets information from the person that he or she relieves. While in the control center, one has various responsibilities such as a fire security check, equipment and key checks, and watching the cameras. The person that is designated as Control #2 is responsible for preparing the paperwork for the count.

On August 9, 2019, [REDACTED] worked in the capacity of Lieutenant from 4pm-10pm. During this time, [REDACTED] stopped by the SHU. She recalled that regular activities and operations were occurring at the time of her visit. [REDACTED] fed inmates in G Tier and in 10 South, the high security unit. [REDACTED] recalled seeing JEFFREY EPSTEIN earlier on August 9 around 9am at the attorney conference area. EPSTEIN was there with 3 or 4 attorneys who were in and out of the facility. [REDACTED] recalled there being 2 females and 1 male. At one point, EPSTEIN had to get an officer's attention to use the restroom. [REDACTED] was not in the SHU when EPSTEIN came back from attorney conference. Usually EPSTEIN would be cuffed to go back to the SHU from attorney conference around 7:20pm-8pm.

[REDACTED] doesn't remember anyone talking about a phone call that EPSTEIN made on August 9, 2019. She also is not aware of how either of EPSTEIN's cellmates were selected. [REDACTED] only heard things in passing regarding EPSTEIN's alleged suicide attempt in July.

EFTA00009959

FD-302a (Rev. 5-8-10)

90A-NY-3151227

Continuation of FD-302 of (U) Interview of [REDACTED], On 08/20/2019, Page 3 of 3

[REDACTED] does not know the particular procedures or guidelines regarding an inmate who comes off suicide watch. She stated that usually that inmate is put with a cellmate, but she does not know if this is policy or just general practice. According to [REDACTED] as an SOS, she wouldn't know if EPSTEIN was supposed a cellmate. A decision such as an inmate needing a cellmate would be made at SHU meetings and/or department head meetings. [REDACTED] doesn't know if EPSTEIN had a cellmate the day she was acting Lieutenant.

[REDACTED] advised that the count paperwork stays in Control for 30 days. After 30 days, the paperwork is shredded.

EFTA00009960