EFTA00014114

From: Jay Lefkowitz &lt;&gt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re:
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2008 14:16:35 +0000
Importance: Normal

I will be seeing Jeffrey during my trip, and I can certainly update you on him and the various civil cases I am dealing with. But primarily, I thought we could have a social visit. For once.

--- Original Message ---
From: " (USAFLS)" [ ]
Sent: 11/17/2008 08:55 AM EST
To: Jay Lefkowitz
Subject: RE:

Hi Jay -- Sorry. I have been meaning to get back to you. I will be around both days. Do we need to discuss anything related to Mr. Epstein or is this purely a social visit?

I am going to send out an e-mail to you and Roy today on two issues related to Mr. Epstein.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone [ ]
Fax [ ]

---Original Message---
From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto: ]
Sent: Sunday, November 16, 2008 10:30 PM
To: [ ] (USAFLS)
Subject:

- will you be around monday or tues before thanksgiving day?

Jay

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00014115