From: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

To: " (FBI)" &lt;

Bcc: " (USAFLS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Jeff Epstein

Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2008 17:59:13 +0000

Importance: Normal

I doubt that Roy will call again. He didn't really call me last time, he called [redacted] and [redacted] asked me to call him back.

Tomorrow at 10:30 sounds fine. I just spoke to [redacted] and he said that he spoke with the DAG's chief of staff on Tuesday and made very clear that we need an answer by Friday. Nothing more since then.

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone [redacted]

Fax [redacted]

---Original Message---

From: [redacted] (FBI)

Sent: Thursday, June 19, 2008 1:55 PM

To: [redacted] (USAFLS)

Subject: Re: [redacted] Epstein

How about I come over tomorrow after I get [redacted] report - say 10:30. I also plan to send u SW today or bring it tomorrow. I guess we should be hearing from DC anytime for the green light.(They said Wed, right?) Sounds like u had a interesting call with Roy Black. I would have luvd to have been a fly...Do u think u will hear from him again?

---Original Message---

From: [redacted] (USAFLS) &lt;redacted&gt;

To: [redacted]; Richards, Jason R.

Sent: Thu Jun 19 13:23:07 2008

Subject: FW: [redacted] Epstein

Hi Guys – This is [redacted] attorney. He seems like a very good guy – much better than the others, but I am concerned about allegations of misconduct. What do you think? Maybe we could meet with him and with [redacted].

Assistant U.S. Attorney

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone [redacted]

Fax [redacted]

EFTA00013871

From: Brad Edwards [Redacted]
Sent: Thursday, June 19, 2008 11:34 AM
To: [Redacted] (USAFLS)
Subject: Jeff Epstein

Hi [Redacted],

I have information and concerns that I would like to share. While I understand that you are limited in what you can discuss, I would like to meet with you and discuss my plans. This would be beneficial to you and me. Let me know if you are interested in meeting and talking. My schedule is free next Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, July 23-25. If any of those days are open for you, then I will go to you and can meet you at any time convenient for you. I am scheduling to meet with my client again next week in your area anyway, so it would be no problem for me to meet you on the same day. I look forward to hearing back from you.

Sincerely,

Brad Edwards, Esquire
Law Office of Brad Edwards &amp; Associates
[Redacted]
Suite 202
Hollywood, Florida 33020
Telephone: [Redacted] (Broward)
[Redacted] (Miami-Dade)
Facsimile: [Redacted] (Broward)
[Redacted] (Miami-Dade)
e-mail: [Redacted]

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL: The information contained in this e-mail message is intended for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is proprietary, privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable laws. If the reader of this

EFTA00013872

message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivery to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, printing,

reproduction, disclosure or dissemination of this communication may be subject to legal restriction or sanction.

EFTA00013873