From: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

To: [REDACTED]

Cc: [REDACTED]

Subject: RE: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

Date: Wed, 17 Sep 2008 15:25:42 +0000

Importance: Normal

Nothing like emails that cross in the wind.

From: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Sent: Wednesday, September 17, 2008 11:22 AM

To: [REDACTED]

Cc: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Subject: RE: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

I have reviewed the Agreement. We have no obligation to seek its continued sealing. Per my conversation with Marie, she is going to notify Jack Goldberger that he has yet to file the remainder of the Agreement and that the unsealing issue is between him/Epstein and the SAO's office.

From: Villafana, Ann Marie C. (USAFLS)

Sent: Wednesday, September 17, 2008 10:50 AM

To: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS); Sloman, Jeff (USAFLS); Senior, Robert (USAFLS); Lee, Dexter (USAFLS); Atkinson, Karen (USAFLS)

Cc: Garcia, Rolando (USAFLS)

Subject: FW: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

Will it never end? Barry Krisher sent the e-mail below to Rolando this morning. How would you like to handle this issue?

Assistant U.S. Attorney

500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

From: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Sent: Wednesday, September 17, 2008 10:48 AM

To: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Subject: FW: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

From: Barry Krischer [REDACTED]

Sent: Wednesday, September 17, 2008 10:46 AM

To: [REDACTED] (USAFLS)

Subject: FW: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

EFTA00014065

Please advise how you would like us to proceed. The agreement referred to is the Federal Non-Prosecution agreement sealed in the file by the judge at the time of the Epstein plea.

From: Lanna Belohlavek
Sent: Tuesday, September 16, 2008 4:21 PM
To: Barry Krischer
Subject: FW: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

How to proceed? Lanna

From: Bryce Albu
Sent: Tuesday, September 16, 2008 3:52 PM
To: Lanna Belohlavek
Cc: Martin Reeder
Subject: State v. Jeffrey Epstein

Ms. Belohlavek,

We represent The Palm Beach Daily News. The newspaper recently discovered that a non-prosecution agreement (and an addendum thereto) was filed under seal pursuant to an agreed order entered in the above-referenced case. Because the records are sealed, we cannot assess the propriety of the decision to seal them or even whether the newspaper is interested in the information contained therein. I was hoping you would discuss with me the nature of the agreement and the basis for sealing it so that we can advise our client on whether it should pursue an order unsealing the agreement. Please call me at your earliest convenience.

Very truly yours,

C. Bryce Albu
Reeder &amp; Reeder P.A.
250 S. Central Blvd., Suite 200
Jupiter, FL 33458

EFTA00014066