EFTA00009933

From: Isidro Garcia &lt; &gt;
To: " &lt; &gt;
Ce: Mark Johnson &lt; &gt;, " &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation meeting
Date: Sun, 26 May 2019 20:52:27 +0000

OK will copy her on this

Sent from my T-Mobile 4G LTE Device

Isidro M. Garcia
GARCIA LAW FIRM. P.A.
120 S. Olive Avenue
Suite 401
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
Email
Fax
www.garcialaborlaw.com

--- Original message ---
From: " &lt; &gt;
Date: 5/26/19 4:40 PM (GMT-05:00)
To: Isidro Garcia &lt; &gt;
Ce: Mark Johnson &lt; &gt;, " &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation meeting

Sid,

Following up on the below, in addition to asking [REDACTED] to please bring whatever materials she has from that time, could you please ask her to bring any photos she has of herself from when she knew Epstein – or if she has many such photos, just five or six from that period of time? It will be very helpful for us to have a record of her general appearance then, for legal reasons, and we’re happy to either make copies and return them to her, or to have them in safekeeping with us until the investigation is complete, whatever she prefers.

thanks very much,

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Thursday, May 23, 2019 13:08
To: 'Isidro Garcia' [REDACTED]

Cc: Mark Johnson &lt;---; &gt;; ---; &gt;&gt; Subject: RE: SDNY investigation meeting

Mr. Garcia,

Following up on our phone conversation yesterday, I wanted to send you an email, as promised, as a brief summary. As discussed, our investigation continues to move forward, and we're interested in meeting with [redacted] again to talk with her more specifically about her recollections from the time. Although we have the notes from her interviews from the prior investigation, it is important for us at this stage to have a sense of what her current recollection is about his conduct. As I mentioned, we absolutely do not want [redacted] to feel re-victimized or dragged through this unnecessarily; rather, we are hoping to confirm our understanding of what she described in previous interviews (as to her recollection now). I promise we would not ask her to talk about those experiences if it weren't important—and useful—to the current investigation.

As we also talked about, when we meet with her we'd like to ask her to please bring the materials she described having when we first met—I believe she said she had a box of materials from the time, possibly including one or more phones, possibly photos or gifts, etc. Really anything she has relating to that time or experiences could be very helpful. We would be happy to provide her with copies of anything that she still wants to retain, and of course we will treat her possessions with the utmost care and would expect to return them, if she wants, at the conclusion of the investigation.

Please let us know if you or she has any questions about any of this at all, and we look forward to meeting with her and you next week. (I understand the timing of that may be changing now—we remain available anytime on the 29th, or can discuss other days if that doesn't work—unfortunately the agents aren't available on the 31st, but I'm sure we'll figure it out.)

Thanks very much again, and please express our appreciation to [redacted] for meeting with us again, we really appreciate it.

thank you,

[redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney

Southern District of New York

EFTA00009934