§ 2635.704 Use of Government property., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.704

|  Code of Federal Regulations  |
| --- |
|  Title 5. Administrative Personnel  |
|  Chapter XVI. Office of Government Ethics  |
|  Subchapter B. Government Ethics  |
|  Part 2635. Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch (Refs & Annos)  |
|  Subpart G. Misuse of Position  |

5 C.F.R. § 2635.704

§ 2635.704 Use of Government property.

Currentness

(a) Standard. An employee has a duty to protect and conserve Government property and shall not use such property, or allow its use, for other than authorized purposes.

(b) Definitions. For purposes of this section:

(1) Government property includes any form of real or personal property in which the Government has an ownership, leasehold, or other property interest as well as any right or other intangible interest that is purchased with Government funds, including the services of contractor personnel. The term includes office supplies, telephone and other telecommunications equipment and services, the Government mails, automated data processing capabilities, printing and reproduction facilities, Government records, and Government vehicles.

(2) Authorized purposes are those purposes for which Government property is made available to members of the public or those purposes authorized in accordance with law or regulation.

Example 1: Under regulations of the General Services Administration at 41 CFR 101–35.201, an employee may make a personal long distance call charged to her personal calling card.

Example 2: An employee of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission whose office computer gives him access to a commercial service providing information for investors may not use that service for personal investment research.

Example 3: In accordance with Office of Personnel Management regulations at part 251 of this title, an attorney employed by the Department of Justice may be permitted to use her office word processor and agency photocopy equipment to prepare a paper to be presented at a conference sponsored by a professional association of which she is a member.

Credits

[62 FR 48748, Sept. 17, 1997]

SOURCE: 57 FR 35041, Aug. 7, 1992; 62 FR 48747, Sept. 17, 1997, unless otherwise noted.

WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works.

EFTA00009798

§ 2635.704 Use of Government property., 5 C.F.R. § 2635.704

AUTHORITY: 5 U.S.C. 7301, 7351, 7353; 5 U.S.C. App. (Ethics in Government Act of 1978); E.O. 12674, 54 FR 15159, 3 CFR, 1989 Comp., p. 215, as modified by E.O. 12731, 55 FR 42547, 3 CFR, 1990 Comp., p. 306.

Notes of Decisions (6)

Current through Nov. 14, 2022, 87 FR 68310. Some sections may be more current. See credits for details.

End of Document

© 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works.

WESTLAW © 2022 Thomson Reuters. No claim to original U.S. Government Works.

EFTA00009799