From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;

Subject: RE: Call re Epstein responsiveness review

Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2020 14:35:36 +0000

Hi

No problem at all—thank you so much for taking care of this hard drive issue. If there is anything at all I can do to help get a drive out the door, please let me know. We can catch up once that is done.

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 10:30 AM

To: ) &lt;

Subject: RE: Call re Epstein responsiveness review

Hello

Please do not think I forgot about you as I am working on getting this hard drive out the door today. I will give you a call back as soon as I can.

Thank you.

From: ) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 9:35 AM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Cc: ) &lt;;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Re: Call re Epstein responsiveness review

Thanks very much, . I'll call you at 10am.

On Oct 13, 2020, at 8:53 AM, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; wrote:

Good Morning

I am available for a call between 9 - 11 am this morning and between 12:30 and 2 PM today. Please let me know what time works for you.

Thank you.

From: &lt;

Sent: Sunday, October 11, 2020 7:54 PM

EFTA00011409

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] [REDACTED]
Subject: Call re Epstein responsiveness review

Hi [REDACTED],

Hope you're having a nice weekend. Is there a time on Tuesday when you would be available for a call to discuss the responsiveness review of the Epstein SW returns on Relativity, please?

I'm available the entire morning if there's a time that would work for you.

Thanks,

EFTA00011410