# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

Case No. 08-80736-Civ-Marra/Johnson

IN RE JANE DOES 1 AND 2

# ORDER TO PRODUCE AND PROTECTIVE ORDER

THIS CAUSE came before the Court on the Petitioners’ Motion seeking the production of the Non-Prosecution Agreement between the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida (hereinafter “USAO”) and Jeffrey Epstein. After consideration of the Motion, the arguments of the parties, and the record, it is

ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the Petitioners’ Motion is GRANTED.

THE COURT ORDERS that the Non-Prosecution Agreement, including any modifications and addenda thereto, shall be produced in accordance with the following procedures:

(a) The USAO shall produce a copy of the Non-Prosecution Agreement, including any modifications and addenda thereto (collectively referred to as “the Agreement”), to the attorneys for the Petitioners.

(b) The Petitioners and their attorneys shall not disclose the Agreement or its terms to any third party absent further court order, following notice to and an opportunity for Jeffrey Epstein’s counsel to be heard.

EFTA00014068

(c) Prior to producing the documents to Petitioners’ counsel, a copy of this Order must be provided to counsel and their clients, who must review and acknowledge their receipt of and agreement to abide by the terms of this Order, and who must provide a copy of that acknowledgment to the USAO.

(d) If any individuals who have been identified by the USAO as victims of Jeffrey Epstein and/or any attorney(s) for those individuals request the opportunity to review the Agreement, then the USAO shall produce the Agreement to those individuals, so long as those individuals also agree that they shall not disclose the Agreement or its terms to any third party absent further court order, following notice to and an opportunity for Jeffrey Epstein’s counsel to be heard.

(e) Prior to producing the documents to any other individuals who have been identified by the USAO as victims of Jeffrey Epstein and/or any attorney(s) for those individuals, a copy of this Order must be provided to said individuals, who must review and acknowledge their receipt of and agreement to abide by the terms of this Order, and who must provide a copy of that acknowledgment to the USAO.

DONE and ORDERED in Chambers, in West Palm Beach, Florida, on this ___ day of August, 2008.

KENNETH A. MARRA
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

Copies furnished to:

EFTA00014069

All counsel of record

By signing below, I certify that I have reviewed and agree to be bound by the terms of this Order.

Dated: _________________________
Signed by: _________________________
Printed Name: _________________________

EFTA00014070