From:
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein
Date: Wed, 31 Oct 2007 13:52:55 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2007 9:52 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein

Hi. The agreement says that they will not contest liability as to the girls on our list. Discovery may be relevant to the issue of the amount of damages suffered, but not the veracity of the claims.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, October 30, 2007 5:39 PM
To: Jay Lefkowitz
Subject: RE: Epstein

I called Judge Davis before I sent him the agreed upon letter. He indicated his willingness to serve as the "decider." I will call him tomorrow to see whether anything has changed and when we can anticipate a decision. Regarding the subpoena question, let me think about that overnight. Thanks,

From: Jay Lefkowitz [mailto:
Sent: Tuesday, October 30, 2007 4:54 PM
To:
Cc: Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)
Subject: Re: Epstein

Thanks

I haven't heard anything from Judge Davis. I assume he is still willing to take on the role you asked him to take on, but can you please let me know if that is not the case?

Also, we are beginning to think about what discovery we may need to take to verify any claims. I am assuming that your office does not want to be copied on any subpoenas or anything related to discovery. But please let me know if that is an incorrect assumption.

Thanks - Jay

EFTA00013750

--- Original Message ---

From:
Sent: 10/30/2007 02:42 PM AST
To: Jay Lefkowitz
Cc: "Acosta, Alex (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Epstein

Jay,

Here is an executed version of the addendum. Please Fed Ex the original signature pages to me. Thanks,

&lt;<epstein 10="" 30.pdf="" addendum="">&gt;

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP or Kirkland &amp; Ellis International LLP. Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to postmaster@kirkland.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

***

EFTA00013751</epstein>