From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Ce: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Re:

Date: Fri, 08 May 2020 19:21:04 +0000

Great, thanks. And likewise. Have a good weekend.

Sent from my iPhone

On May 8, 2020, at 1:41 PM, (CID) (FBI) &lt; wrote:

Guys,

My desk number is , look forward to speaking with you.

From: (USANYS) [mailto:

Sent: Thursday, May 07, 2020 6:21 PM

To: (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE:

That works for us. Let us know were/how best to reach you. Thanks

From: (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 5:12 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE:

How about Monday 11am?

On May 7, 2020 17:10, " (USANYS)" &lt; wrote:

Great. We're still working remotely, but perhaps we could set up a call for early next week? Would Monday or Tuesday work for you?

From: (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 5:09 PM

To: Ponder, J. (NY) (FBI) &lt; (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE:

Let me know what works for you and , I am back from DC and am available to meet anytime.

EFTA00013455

On May 7, 2020 17:06, "_______________________ (USANYS)" &lt;_______________________ &gt; wrote:

Thanks very much, [REDACTED]. And thanks for the virtual introduction. [REDACTED], welcome and very much look forward to working with you. Once you're settled, [REDACTED] and I would love to set up a time to talk through this and some of the other cases we have going with your squads.

And thanks very much for everything over the past few months, [REDACTED]. Really appreciate it. I have no doubt we will continue to talk regularly about MCC and our other cases together.

Best,

From: Ponder, [REDACTED] J. (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 10:53 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;;
Cc: [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;.

[REDACTED],

Thank you for the call and the update on the Epstein investigation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell.

As I mentioned, [REDACTED] (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. [REDACTED] will be coordinating with you, [REDACTED], and the rest of the team as we move forward.

To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get [REDACTED] up to speed with the latest:

SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking
FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea
Confirmed by historical pen register with cell site location and subpoenas to Amazon for delivery location
Since traditional surveillance, including a pole camera, are not suitable due to the secluded location, and in order to get more recent information, you propose getting a renewed pen register and Amazon subpoena. Additionally, you and the team may seek to get a mail cover.

[REDACTED], It was a pleasure working with you, [REDACTED], and the team for the last several months.

Good luck moving forward with the case.

Best regards,

Supervisory Special Agent
FBI New York

EFTA00013456