The Army is supposed to publish unclassified reports as soon as it can review them, to be sure that they don't contain sensitive material. More than 2½ years later, the Army hasn't published the report and has done little to circulate the classified version to Pentagon leaders. Asked why, an Army

the White House and Pentagon was evident both before and after the 2005 Rand report — evident to everybody but the White House and Pentagon, apparently. Rather than censor the report, the administration could have acted on it two years before political and public pressure forced a change in strategy. Now, as Defense Secretary Robert Gates acknowledged this week with his comments on troop levels, the next president will be responsible for ending what Mr. Bush secretly and recklessly started. Plan on it.

# Spare us the outrage

An 11-month police investigation led to an indictment on one felony charge of solicitation of prostitution. That was in July 2006, and part-time Palm Beacher Jeffrey Epstein still has faced no repercussions for allegedly preying on underage girls.

So maybe Mr. Epstein is satisfied that he's getting his money's worth from his large legal team, which includes Harvard Law School Professor Alan Dershowitz (remember O.J. Simpson?) and Kenneth Starr (remember Monica Lewinsky?). Jack Goldberger of West Palm Beach, who's also on the team, told Post columnist Jose Lambiet in November: "This case is absolutely going to end without a trial within the next two months."

He was wrong, but Mr. Goldberger remains on Mr. Epstein's payroll, feigning moral outrage at two lawsuits filed this year against the Manhattan money manager. The lawsuits allege sexual exploitation of teenaged girls, one of them as young as 14. Said Mr. Goldberger after the first lawsuit, seeking more

# Lawyers for accused sex predator sound foolish.

than $50 million, was filed on Jan. 24: "We think this shows what this case is all about: money." Yes, it is — Mr. Epstein's effort to buy his way out of prosecution.

According to the lawyer of a 17-year-old whose parents are suing him, Mr. Epstein masturbated in front of her (she was 14 at the time) and used a vibrator on her at his home in February 2005. Another Epstein attorney, Lilly Ann Sanchez dismissed it: "Jeffrey Epstein did not have sex with this woman."

For those girls who claim that he did, Mr. Epstein's lawyers maintain that he did not know their ages, despite a police search of his home and garbage that found phone messages about the girls' school schedules and even a high school transcript. For all of his money, Mr. Epstein's best defense remains "I didn't know that I was a criminal pervert"?

The Clinton

Many on the

Rush Limbaugh

Ann Coulter, Jan others, have declared

er vote for Hillary

not vote at all — to

for Sen. McCain

pointed spokesmen

vation insist that

Clinton is a matter

Better to go down

one's convictions the

compromised place

To be sure, police

makes for interest

versation, but the

starves to death.

It isn't necessary

thing Sen. McCain

for him should he

But it isn't possible

there's no difference

McCain and Sen. Cl

Obama), as some Rep

A form of irrationality

has taken hold when

oneself or to the part

more important than

over the country to pe

to raise taxes and imp

health care.

Principles shouldn't

ible that strict adherent

worse alternative.

Exactly which core

cilitates the garnished

to pay for insurance

Sen. Clinton has proposed

terview with ABC's Ge

nopoulos, Sen. Clinton

government-ordered in

gram would require an

mechanism that might

know, going after people

Where are those core

when a Democratic pres

pointing justices to the

Court? Given that five or

justices will be 70 or older

vember, it's a near certain

EFTA00013724