EFTA00014102

From:
To:
Bcc:

Subject: Fw: Notice of Non-Compliance
Date: Sat, 28 Jun 2008 21:14:01 +0000
Importance: Normal

Jack Goldberger's response below.

--- Original Message ---
From: Jack Goldberger &lt; &gt;
To:
Sent: Sat Jun 28 15:38:23 2008
Subject: RE: Notice of Non-Compliance

not a problem.

From:
Sent: Sat 6/28/2008 11:31 AM
To: Jack Goldberger
Cc:
Subject: Re: Notice of Non-Compliance

Dear Jack:

I have conferred with a state court practitioner who stated that there is nothing that prohibits you from agreeing to a consecutive six-month sentence of incarceration followed by one year of community control as specified in the non-prosecution agreement.

If you elect to proceed with the plea agreement as currently drafted, we ask that you insert the word "imprisoned" following the words "six months" in the second sentencing paragraph.

Please confirm that this change is acceptable. Thank you.

--- Original Message ---
From: Jack Goldberger &lt; &gt;
To:
Cc: Jack Goldberger &lt; &gt;
Sent: Sat Jun 28 08:49:55 2008
Subject: RE: Notice of Non-Compliance

Dear Ms

please allow this e-mail to confirm our telephone conference of 6:30 pm on June 27 wherein we discussed the Epstein plea agreement and we agreed that the Epstein state plea agreement was in compliance with the September 2007 non-prosecution agreement entered into between Mr. Epstein and the USAO for the Souhern District of Florida.

Jack Goldberger

From: Sent: Fri 6/27/2008 5:45 PM
To: Jack Goldberger; Roy BLACK
Cc: / Subject: Notice of Non-Compliance

Dear Messrs. Goldberger and Black:

Please see the attached Notification Letter.

&lt;&lt;080627 Goldberger Black notification ltr.pdf&gt;&gt;

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Phone: Fax 561 820-8777

EFTA00014103