From: "The Invisible Man" <aace@dial.pipex.com>
To: "G. Max" <gmax1@mindspring.com>
Subject: RE: Re:
Sent: Thu, 28 Feb 2002 06:30:20 -0000

I am overwhelmed at the kindness and generosity of the offers that are being made for me.
I would love to do them all but fear that there would not be enough time! However I am afraid that horses and I do not mix particularly well but the trip to see the Lines sounds really interesting. As far as food is concerned I am very easy and will fit in with whatever he plans and I don't mind what time it is at all. As for girls well I leave that entirely to you and Juan Estoban!
I am going to have more time after tomorrow to know what will happen and when in Peru so I will be in touch again on Friday.
Masses of love A xxx

---Original Message---
From: G. Max [mailto:gmax1@mindspring.com]
Sent: 28 February 2002 00:30
To: abx17@dial.pipex.com
Subject: Fwd: Re:

&gt;What do you think

Gx

From: "Juanesteban Ganoza" <jganoza@terra.com.pe>
&gt;To: "G. Max" <gmax1@mindspring.com>
&gt;Subject: Re:
&gt;Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2002 17:48:10 -0800
&gt;X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
&gt;
&gt;Ok, before we speak on the phone...
&gt;
&gt;There are several things we could do on Sunday, depending on what he feels
&gt;like doing:
&gt;
&gt;We could ride Peruvian Paso horses in the morning &gt; I would organize a small
&gt;group of friends and get a few horses and go either to the beach or the
&gt;fields. Then we can go to a nice summer home and do a small / private lunch
&gt;in front of the sea, and at night we can go to a local restaurant. The
&gt;night time on Sunday is not going to be so "active," as a lot of the
&gt;restaurants are closed, and on Sunday nites people do not go out much except
&gt;to go to a movie ( so no night club going).
&gt;
&gt;Instead of the Peruvian Pasos, we could also organize a Polo game if he
&gt;plays polo and would rather ride that type of horse.
&gt;
&gt;Or we can rent a small plane and go to see the Nazca Lines, and then go to
&gt;another place that is in the area called Paracas and go water-skiing

EFTA00011438</gmax1@mindspring.com></gmax1@mindspring.com></aace@dial.pipex.com>

still

&gt; in the morning. Paracas is a very special bay for water-skiing, very flat
&gt; in the early morning and very windy latter on. We can then have lunch in a
&gt; very nice private Hacienda near by or come back to Lima to have lunch by the
&gt; sea. Lunches in Lima on the summer time are late, around 3:30 pm or 4 pm
&gt; (after lots of wine and beach).

&gt;

&gt; About the girls... how old is he? I doubt it that he will find someone
&gt; here, but we can try.
&gt; I am leaving now to go to the gym. I will be back to my office early tomorrow; if you prefer to talk to me tonight you can reach me at my mobile
&gt; (511) 735 2000
&gt; Besos
&gt; JE

EFTA00011439