EFTA00009939

From: (USANYS)"
To: (USANYS)"
Cc: "(USANYS)"

Subject: RE: the week ahead
Date: Fri, 07 Aug 2020 12:25:48 +0000

The RMI team is going to the grand jury on Monday. Fraud signed off on the charge and charging document.

We're hoping to circulate and send down to NSD a bunch of paper on GEP, including a premises warrant for RG. I've looked at a first draft already, and [redacted] are working on a second draft now. I'm assuming, much as with the memo we circulated last night, that everyone will want to see these, but if that's not the case, please let us know.

Bekah reviewed the first draft of the Hadden pros memo, which the team is now revising, and then one or both of us will re-review. We hope to get that up to you at least next week. Team would like to go to the grand jury the week of August 24, with the primary time pressure coming from our desire to beat DANY.

I assume we'll be pressing ahead with a Menedez DAG fight but have not heard back on whether Audrey has yet to make a call.

Also, we still have not heard back from [redacted] or anyone on what we should be doing, if anything, to gather and review material from the SDFL Epstein investigation. My sense is [redacted] in particular, has been exploring an alternative plan whereby we gather and review only SDFL's 24 boxes of hard copy documents, which I am fine with and agree is more manageable, but we haven't and really can't take any action without a decision, so I'm very hopeful this is something we'll get guidance on next week. On the list of things keeping me up at 3am, this is pretty consistently at or near the top...

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Friday, August 7, 2020 6:30 AM
To: (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS)
(USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS)
(USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) 1 (USANYS)
(USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) 3 (USANYS)
(USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) 1 (USANYS)

Subject: the week ahead

Happy Particularly Preposterous Packaging Day!* The website puts it best, by saying "there really is no right or wrong way to celebrate the day." In any event, no need for any packaging at all on the weekly update. Just let me know what's going on next week. Thanks!

*International Beer Day was too easy.

Chief, Criminal Division

United States Attorney's Office, SDNY

EFTA00009940