From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: Epstein update
Date: Wed, 19 Mar 2008 18:15:58 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hi [REDACTED] – I am hoping that you have an update from [REDACTED]. I wanted to fill you in on recent events.

Yesterday we did the first half of the grand jury presentation on the indictment. Many of the grand jurors expressed thanks for our return. After a break as I walked into the room, I overheard one juror telling another that he had been concerned that we were going to “whitewash” this case and not charge it.

Epstein’s lawyers are using the civil lawsuits as an excuse to harass a number of the victims. One girl, [REDACTED], to be served with a subpoena for a deposition. It is scheduled for Monday.

A national crime victims service organization has received a grant from the Justice Department to provide legal representation to victims. They have agreed to provide counsel for our victims. The only problem is that the lawyers are located in Maryland. But they will try to find pro bono lawyers here to help out.

I also told [REDACTED] that one of our victims tried to commit suicide last week. The FBI’s victim-witness coordinator is doing her best to get counseling for all of our needy victims, but I just can’t stress enough how important it is for these girls to have a resolution in this case. The “please be patient” answer is really wearing thin, especially when Epstein’s group is still on the attack while we are forced to wait on the sidelines.

[REDACTED].

Thank you.

500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

[REDACTED]

EFTA00013549