1

# Remarks as Prepared for Delivery by
Assistant Director in Charge
FBI New York Field Office
Jeffrey Epstein Arrest
July X, 2019

Preserving the innocence of children is the most important responsibility we carry as adults. Failing them, in any way, is not an option.

And yet there are some who blatantly disregard this golden rule, using whatever tools they have at their disposal to lure children into a life of which they should never be exposed.

As we allege today, Jeffrey Epstein is one of those people.

As of x a.m., he is under arrest.../At X p.m., as he was X, we placed him under arrest. Epstein has been charged with one count each of sex trafficking and sex trafficking conspiracy.

For at least a three year period, from 2002-2005, he is alleged to have sexually exploited and abused dozens of minor girls at his homes in New York City and Palm Beach, Florida.

The girls were recruited in a variety of ways, usually by employees of Epstein and victim recruiters themselves.

- The victim recruiters and the girls they found typically received hundreds of dollars in cash.

EFTA00010471

The estimated dozens of victims were as young as 14 years old at the time of recruitment.

- Children who were made to give Epstein massages while they were nude or partially nude.
- Children who were asked to engage in direct and indirect sex acts for money.
- Children who were enticed to do all of this at the hands of a man more than or nearly three times their age.

Those who have been victimized by child sexual predators are frequently haunted by memories of these crimes well into adulthood, and often for the rest of their lives. They bear the burden of someone else's criminal behavior.

As an FBI agent, and as a father first, I stand among many who make it our mission to put child predators behind bars where they belong; to listen to every child who feels they've been exploited; and to advocate for the most vulnerable among us.

Today I'm asking everyone to take a good look at this man. If you've been victimized by him in any way, or have any additional information about his alleged illegal behavior, we want to hear from you.

- Whatever age you are now
- Whatever age you were then
- And no matter when or where the incident or incidents took place

The number to call is 1-800-CALL-FBI.

EFTA00010472

Your bravery might just empower others to speak out about crimes committed against them.

It’s important to remember, there never was, nor will there ever be, an excuse for this kind behavior. In the eyes of the FBI, the victim always comes first.

Many thanks, as always, to our partners from the Southern District of New York. Last but not least, I extend my sincere congratulations to the FBI’s Criminal Division in New York for their hard work on this investigation.

EFTA00010473