# DRAFT

On Friday 10/8/2021 Det  was present with Sgt  at the Town of Palm Beach Police Department. Sgt  is currently assigned to and supervises the Palm Beach Police Department's Organized Crime, Vice &amp; Narcotics Unit (Special Investigations).

Sgt  brings Det  to the Town of Palm Beach's storage warehouse. Inside of this warehouse was a locked storage room specifically designated for the use of members of Special Investigations at Palm Beach Police Department. Sgt  advises that he, other members of Special Investigations and the records clerk would have access to this locked room.

Inside of this storage room is where Special Investigations stores old or closed case files. These case files are held inside of bankers boxes which marked on the outside with either the case name or number. Sgt  then shows and turns over to Det  two bankers boxes specifically marked "Epstein". Each box contained various EPSTEIN related case materials (paperwork and physical media). Sgt  shows Det  the remainder of this storage room and no other boxes were observed to be associated with this investigation.

Det  is brought back to Palm Beach Police Department's Special Investigations office. Sgt  shows Det  another location inside of this office where physical case files are maintained and stored. No materials related to this investigation were observed in this location. Sgt  advises that these would be the only locations that Palm Beach Police Department would maintain old physical case files.

Sgt  then shows Det  their digital case management system. Sgt  searches for materials related to this investigation. Sgt  prints out multiple reports and digital notes he finds in their case management system and turns them over to Det  .

Det  provides Sgt  a subpoena for all the materials provided. Sgt  proved Det  a property receipt for the materials.

# DRAFT

EFTA00013429