LAW OFFICES OF

# GERALD B. LEFCOURT, P.C.

A PROFESSIONAL CORPORATION

148 EAST 78TH STREET

NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10021

GERALD B. LEFCOURT

lefcourt@lefcourtlaw.com

TELEPHONE

(212) 737-0400

FACSIMILE

(212) 988-6192

SHERYL E. REICH

reich@lefcourtlaw.com

RENATO C. STABILE

stable@lefcourtlaw.com

FAITH A. FRIEDMAN

friedman@lefcourtlaw.com

May 22, 2007

# VIA E-MAIL

Deputy Chief, Northern Region

Office of the United States Attorney

Southern District of Florida

500 South Australian Avenue, Suite 400

West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

Jeffrey Epstein

Dear Mr. [Redacted]

I write as counsel to Jeffrey Epstein, the subject of a grand jury investigation being conducted by your office.

I understand from you that in the next month or two a decision will be made by your office whether to seek an indictment of Mr. Epstein. This will confirm that, prior to any such decision being made, I and other attorneys on behalf of Mr. Epstein will be given an opportunity to meet with you.

Additionally, because we believe that any decision to indict requires both a complex legal analysis in a detailed factual context and resolution of significant policy concerns, if our meeting does not resolve the matter, we would like an opportunity to make a presentation first to [Redacted] Chief of the Criminal Division, and [Redacted], First Assistant United States Attorney, and then, again, if no resolution is reached, the opportunity to meet with United States [Redacted].

EFTA00013733

LAW OFFICES OF
GERALD B. LEFCOURT, P.C.

Deputy Chief, Northern Region
Office of the United States Attorney
Southern District of Florida
May 22, 2007
Page 2

Attorney Alexander Acosta.

Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call.

Very truly yours,
Gerald B. Lefcourt

cc:

EFTA00013734