From: "KATHERINE W. EZELL" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USAFLS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE:
Date: Mon, 29 Dec 2008 23:11:12 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks.

From: (USAFLS) [mailto:
Sent: Monday, December 29, 2008 5:05 PM
To: KATHERINE W. EZELL
Cc: Amy Ederi
Subject: RE:

Hi Kathy and Amy – I hope all is well with you. I see from the paper that you are in a firestorm of your own right now.

I just spoke with [redacted] He said that if you provide the address info, it will not be disclosed to Epstein or his people. Epstein is accompanied only by his private driver when he goes to and from the jail, although PBSO has his travel routes programmed in to his GPS monitor so, if he deviates from that route, they will know if they check the monitor when he returns.

[redacted] has asked that all requests go through me so he knows who is legit and who isn’t, so if anyone wants their addres(es) added, please let me know. I am going to send an e-mail to all of the plaintiffs’ attorneys with this info.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Phone [redacted]
Fax [redacted]

From: KATHERINE W. EZELL [mailto:
Sent: Monday, December 29, 2008 1:44 PM
To: [redacted] (USAFLS)
Cc: Amy Ederi
Subject:

Dear [redacted], This is a message I tried to send on the 20th. I got a notification back that it did not go through, so I’m trying this different address.

In your notification letter about JE’s work release that you wrote to the victims you mentioned the possibility of their notifying you if they wanted any of their addresses made off limits on his mechanical device that restricts him. First, if he is only going to and from that office address, why does he need to be mechanically otherwise restricted? Second, should one of the victims want to designate an address where she lives or works to be programmed as off limits, is it possible for him to then have access to the name of the victim and the specific location from which he is being restricted?

Wishing you a peaceful and happy holiday! Kathy

EFTA00014128