|  From: | “  |
| --- | --- |
|  To: |   |
|  Subject: | [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Fw: Hello  |
|  Date: | Tue, 28 Mar 2023 15:45:16 +0000  |
|  Importance: | Normal  |

Hey Alison, hope all is well. Let me know if you're free today to chat quick about this email. I think I know the answer, but just wanted to run it by you.

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office:

From:  &gt;
Sent: Monday, March 27, 2023 12:16 AM
To:  &gt;
Subject: Re: Hello

**CAUTION! EXTERNAL SENDER**
**STOP WHEN UNSURE.** Never click on links or open attachments if sender is unknown, and never provide user ID or password. **Suspicious?** Please report to this email address: reportphishing@nypd.org

Hi  ,

It's been a while and seems like things on this case worked out where some of the people who should be locked up are locked up.

I'm wondering if you know of a way I could ever talk to Ghislaine who's in prison. I have questions and words, and while don't assume there'd be closure for me in asking her these questions and talking to her, I'm hoping it might do something in my heart at least.

Do you know if or how these things would even work if possible in the first place?

I don't have the spare cash or time to fly to NY, but even if I did, is that how one would go about talking to someone like that in prison? So so out of my wheelhouse of things I'd ever considered even thinking about...

I apologize for not testifying. I was afraid and didn't want my name more associated with them than it was, and I'd spent a long time trying to distance myself from it all...not that that works fully but it was what I was capable of at the time. Still. I'm sorry.

Thanks  ,

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00038989

On Apr 16, 2021, at 3:44 PM, &gt; wrote:

Hey

Please give me a call if you get a chance. Just wanted to check in on our last conversation. Hope all is well!

- [Redacted text]

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
[Redacted text]

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Monday, March 29, 2021 7:09 PM

To: [Redacted]

Subject: Re: Hello

Great,

Yes I'll have a link sent to you from the team. See you tomorrow!

- [Redacted text]

On Mar 29, 2021, at 18:44, &gt; wrote:

Hi [Redacted], that will work. Will you send me a link?

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 29, 2021, at 5:31 PM, &gt; wrote:

We're available tomorrow at 11 am [Redacted] time. Is that time still good for you?

On Mar 29, 2021, at 13:26, &gt; wrote:

Hi [Redacted],

I've thought about it, and I think I'd like to hear what the lawyers say before I agree to an interview, and for me to ask some questions etc.

EFTA00038990

I am available in the morning on Thursday at 6am ☐ time, or tomorrow morning at 11am ☐ time, or I can do a Wednesday morning time if those don't work?

Thanks!

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 24, 2021, at 1:50 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Please let me know what date and time works for you.

Thanks!

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
[redacted]

EFTA00038991