Re: Video Conference

From:
To:
Date: Fri, 21 Aug 2020 20:57:07 -0400

I'm sorry I meant eastern time.

On Aug 21, 2020, at 20:51, [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

Yes, that's fine. Central time?

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 21, 2020, at 6:32 PM, [redacted], [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

How does 1 pm work for you?

On Aug 21, 2020, at 13:14, [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hi [redacted]:

I am fairly certain Monday afternoon will work unless there is a change with [redacted]. Do you have a specific time in mind?

Best, [redacted]

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 20, 2020, at 7:28 PM, [redacted], [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

[redacted],

Hope all is well. Just checking in to see how next week is looking and if you are going to be available for the 24th. No pressure if you're not able to swing it for that date, just wanted to check in.

Thanks,

- [redacted]
Detective [redacted]
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [redacted]
[redacted]
From: [redacted], [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; Sent: Wednesday, August 12, 2020 6:13 PM

EFTA00038752

To: |  Subject: Re: Video Conference  |
| --- |

Not a problem at all. We're wishing you guys the best. Let us know as we get closer if anything changes with that date and your schedule.

- ☐ Detective
- NYPD / FBI
- Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
- Office: |  From:  |
| --- |

Sent: Wednesday, August 12, 2020 4:53 PM
To: |  Subject: Re: Video Conference  |
| --- |

Hello ☐:

At this time I have the 24th available. However, [REDACTED] starts radiation next Wednesday and I will not have the upcoming schedule until then. I will stay in touch.

Best,

☐

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 12, 2020, at 10:37 AM, [REDACTED], [REDACTED] |  Note  |
| --- |

Hope you are feeling well. How does the afternoon of Monday 8/24 work for you for a video conference? I've spoken with our team and that seems to be the best date for us right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better for you.

Thanks again,

- ☐ Detective
- NYPD / FBI
- Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
- Office: |  From:  |
| --- |

Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 5:50 PM
To: |  Cc:  |
| --- |

Subject: Video Conference

Hello ☐,

EFTA00038753</table></table></table>

Was nice speaking with you earlier and wishing you a speedy recovery from your oral surgery. I will contact the prosecutors on the case and see what everyone's availability is for the next couple of weeks and we will go from there. If you decide that you prefer to have Sigrid involved that is fine just have her reach out to either myself or the prosecutors. Thanks again,

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office

EFTA00038754