From: _______________________________
To: _______________________________
Cc: _______________________________

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

Date: Wed, 16 Sep 2020 19:22:03 +0000

Importance: Normal

Hi

☐ Yes I'll be done by tomorrow. Finishing up with it today.

Special Agent _______________________________
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking _______________________________

From: _______________________________
Sent: Wednesday, September 16, 2020 3:04 PM
To: _______________________________
Cc: _______________________________
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

Hi

☐ just spoke with INSD, and they advised that this OPR will be published. We just wanted to follow up on your review. I'm sorry we sprung this on you the last minute, but will you have your review complete tomorrow or should we explore an extension?

Thanks,
_______________________________

Government Information Specialist
LSU/RIDS/IMD – FBI
_______________________________

Confidentiality Statement:
This message is transmitted to you by the Information Management Division, Litigation Support Unit, of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The message, along with any attachments, may be confidential and legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please destroy it promptly without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by a separate e-mail or by calling (540) 868-1696

EFTA00037964

From:
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 1:15 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

This is the first I've seen this. I'll read through this and let you know.

Thanks for sending,

Special Agent
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking

From:
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 5:12 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review
Importance: High

Good Morning SA . I am going to follow up this email with 4 attachments of an upcoming OPR report re: 2006-08 Epstein Investigation. OPR forwarded to us for review to make sure our 7A stance is not impacted.

I am going to begin to review this today, but I wanted to forward for you, as well. If you have not reviewed this yet, please let us know if anything within the report could impact any ongoing investigations.

We have until this Friday to respond.

Feel free to email or call with any questions.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 8:21 PM
To:
Subject: Fw: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

Hey

Please take a look at the attached docs and let me know if release of info in this report will impact our 7A position.

Thanks,

EFTA00037965

From:
Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2020 1:55 PM
To:
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

I just had a conversation with SC about this. We have until next Friday to respond. I'll look into it tomorrow, as I have a few other deadlines I'm dealing with today. Just keeping you posted.

Thanks,

Unit Chief
Litigation Support Unit/RIDS

From:
Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2020 9:18 AM
To:
Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

#4

From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 9, 2020 2:55 PM
To:
Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

From:
Sent: Thursday, September 3, 2020 5:43 PM
To:
Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review

4 of 4

Forwarded message

From:
Date: Sep 2, 2020 1:19 PM
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - USDOJ Office of Professional Responsibility Matter for your review
To:
Cc:
Assistant Director and General Counsel

EFTA00037966

Office of General Counsel
FBI Headquarters
Washington, D.C.

Mr. [redacted]

Attached is a letter from Department of Justice Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) Director [redacted], transmitting to you, for a sensitivity review, OPR's draft report in the Southern District of Florida's handling of the Jeffrey Epstein matter during 2006-2008. We've found that the draft report is too large to email, so will set it separately in two parts. We ask that it be treated with confidentiality. The letter is self-explanatory, but please do not hesitate to let us know if you have any questions.

With regards,

Counsel
Office of Professional Responsibility
U.S. Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. – Room 3266
Washington, D.C. 20530

EFTA00037967