From: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;

Subject: Fw: Dollar Bill posting on TNA claiming knowledge on Epstein suicide
Date: Tue, 03 Dec 2019 18:14:44 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: epstein_lead.bmp
Inline-Images: Outlook-image.png.gif

NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force

From: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, December 3, 2019 11:43 AM
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
Subject: Dollar Bill posting on TNA claiming knowledge on Epstein suicide

Hi _______________________________________________________________.

Hope all is well. Someone we work with who does a lot of intel-gathering on john review boards saw the following post on a review board called TNA. "Dollar Bill" is William Mersey. We prosecuted him for a felony promoting prostitution conspiracy; he had a federal case as well. Don't want to waste your time and this may be complete bs, but I didn't want to ignore it, and ______ suggested that I forward it to you.

Best,

ADA _______________________________________________________________.
Human Trafficking Response Unit
New York County District Attorney's Office

***

Hey _______________________________________________________________.

We saw this post on TNA Board today - poster alleges to be Dollar Bill:

EFTA00038325

We all know his penchant for hyperbole, but initial details seem to check out - not sure where this intel should go.

Full thread here: https://www.tnaboard.com/showthread.php?1631326-dollar-bill

This email communication and any files transmitted with it contain privileged and confidential information from the New York County District Attorney's Office and are intended solely for the use of the individuals or entity to whom it has been addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination or copying of this email is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return email.

EFTA00038326