From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Letter

Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2019 18:59:10 +0000

Importance: Normal

I'll be right down

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] [mailto:]

Sent: Monday, September 23, 2019 2:57 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Re: Epstein Letter

I'm in the lobby, is there somewhere I should leave it or are you coming down?

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 23, 2019, at 14:48, (NY) (FBI) &lt; wrote:

Yes no problem

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] [mailto:]

Sent: Monday, September 23, 2019 2:45 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Letter

Perfect. Does 10 minutes from now work?

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Monday, September 23, 2019 1:32 PM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Letter

Anytime should be fine. I'm here all day.

On Sep 23, 2019 12:25 PM, " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt; wrote:

Hi

Is there a good time today for me to drop off the letter?

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) [Contractor]

Sent: Friday, September 20, 2019 4:16 PM

EFTA00038188

To: ' (NY) (FBI)' &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Letter

That works for me, let's connect Monday. Have a good weekend.

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;&gt;

Sent: Friday, September 20, 2019 4:11 PM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;

Subject: Epstein Letter

I'm not in the office. I'll be back monday so we could arrange a time for that day.

On Sep 20, 2019 12:52 PM, " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt; wrote:

Hi

Attached is another letter from the public in the Epstein case. Is there a good time today for me to come by and drop off the physical copy?

Thanks,

Paralegal Specialist
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
Office:
Cell:

EFTA00038189