From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

Date: Fri, 09 Apr 2021 17:43:39 +0000

Importance: Normal

Will do, thank you [redacted].

- Special Agent [redacted]

Federal Bureau of Investigation

New York Field Office

On Apr 9, 2021 1:17 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

No worries. Let me know if you want to chat later or have questions.

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted]

Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 1:15 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted]

Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

Hey [redacted],

I'm at an IA so I won't be able to get on the call.

- Special Agent [redacted]

Federal Bureau of Investigation

New York Field Office

On Apr 9, 2021 12:06 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

If you are able to, let's get on a quick call around 1:30pm. Below is the dial in.

1-8777- [redacted]

Passcode: [redacted]

If you can't get on the call, no worries. I can touch base with anyone else that has questions at another time.

Thanks,

---Original Message---

From: (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 6:04 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;.

EFTA00038561

&lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt; Cc: &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt;;&gt; &lt; Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

Hey all,

I thought it might be easier if we were able to get on a quick call to talk a little logistics next week and answer any questions you have. I'm sure everyone is busy but if at least someone who is helping each day does not mind jumping on a call tomorrow that might be helpful. I'm not sure who has or has not pulled a prisoner from Marshal custody so we can go over those logistics as well on the phone. Let me know if sometime tomorrow works for you.

Thanks!

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 5:08 PM
To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
&lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
. (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
. (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; &lt; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

Thanks [REDACTED]

Hello everyone,

Thank you so much for helping out next week. I don't anticipate we will need four agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all another email shortly and cc'ing AUSA [REDACTED] who will be present at 500 Pearl all three days. She will meet you at 500 Pearl on the designated date at around 9am or shortly before. Maxwell and her team will be arriving at 9:30am. The evidence unit is transporting all evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please make sure to have a handcuff key on you. The review of evidence each day will last until 4:30pm. The evidence unit will transport evidence back so none of you need to worry about any evidence being transported.

SOS [REDACTED] will also be present all three days and has been working this case so she is familiar with everything. Feel free to reach out to her as well. She is cc'd on this email.

That's the short overview. Feel free to reach out to me on my cell with any concerns or questions. [REDACTED] will be in touch with you all as well. Thank you all for assisting with this. This is a huge help.

Special Agent [REDACTED] Young
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
Desk: [REDACTED]
C: [REDACTED]

EFTA00038562

---Original Message---

From:  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;

Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 12:36 PM

To:  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;

Cc:  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;  ;  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;  ;  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;  ;  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;  ;  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;  ;  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;  .

Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

Hi

Below is an updated list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email.

4/13
SA
SA
SA
SA

4/14
SA
SA

4/15
SA
SA
SA
SA

---Original Message---

From:  (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM

To: NY-NADP &lt;

Cc:  (NY) (FBI)  &lt;

Subject: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

All,

Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated.

Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15

Squad C-20 is requesting two or three agents to assist with Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500

EFTA00038563

Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 through Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUSA [redacted] will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info.

- Maxwell and her defense team will all be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows:

o The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an agent would monitor any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the bathroom during the day as well.

o AUSA [redacted] has reserved three proffer rooms for this review: The largest will be where the FBI can put the evidence for review. The second largest will be where the defense can meet privately, without any of the evidence items, to confer among themselves. The smallest will be a break area available for any agents and/or AUSAs who are not currently monitoring the evidence review or maintaining custody of Maxwell.

EFTA00038564