Re: Video Conference

From:
To:
Date: Sat, 22 Aug 2020 09:02:20 -0400

Ok great. The prosecutors on the case will send out an email invite to you for the meeting which will include them, myself and another agent. There will be a link in the email with instructions how to join the meeting.

In my experience it's generally easier if you have a laptop with a camera. When you open the email you will have the option to just click on a link which will open the meeting up in your web browser.

If you choose to do it in your phone the link in your email may prompt you to download "cisco WebEx" app.

Either way we can walk you through it on Monday. See you then.

On Aug 21, 2020, at 21:35, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Ok. 12:00 noon for me. That is fine. Will I be able to do this on my iPhone? Sorry, I'm not very computer savvy.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 21, 2020, at 7:57 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

I'm sorry I meant eastern time.

On Aug 21, 2020, at 20:51, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Yes, that's fine. Central time?

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 21, 2020, at 6:32 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

How does 1 pm work for you?

On Aug 21, 2020, at 13:14, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

EFTA00038740

Hi ☐
I am fairly certain Monday afternoon will work unless there is a change with
☐. Do you have a specific time in mind?
Best,

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 20, 2020, at 7:28 PM,
wrote:

☐
Hope all is well. Just checking in to see how next week is looking
and if you are going to be available for the 24th. No pressure if
you're not able to swing it for that date, just wanted to check in.
Thanks,

Detective ☐
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: ☐
From: ☐
Sent: Wednesday, August 12, 2020 6:13 PM
To: ☐
Subject: Re: Video Conference

☐
Not a problem at all. We're wishing you guys the best. Let us
know as we get closer if anything changes with that date and your
schedule.

Detective ☐
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: ☐
From: ☐
Sent: Wednesday, August 12, 2020 4:53 PM
To: ☐
Subject: Re: Video Conference

Hello ☐
At this time I have the 24th available. However, ☐ starts radiation next
Wednesday and I will not have the upcoming schedule until then. I will
stay in touch.
Best,

EFTA00038741

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 12, 2020, at 10:37 AM,
[Redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hello [Redacted],
Hope you are feeling well. How does the afternoon of Monday 8/24 work for you for a video conference? I've spoken with our team and that seems to be the best date for us right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better for you.

Thanks again,

[Redacted]
Detective [Redacted]
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [Redacted]
[Redacted]
From: [Redacted], [Redacted]
Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 5:50 PM
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted]&gt;
Subject: Video Conference

Hello [Redacted],
Was nice speaking with you earlier and wishing you a speedy recovery from your oral surgery. I will contact the prosecutors on the case and see what everyone's availability is for the next couple of weeks and we will go from there. If you decide that you prefer to have Sigrid involved that is fine just have her reach out to either myself or the prosecutors.

Thanks again,

[Redacted]
Detective [Redacted]
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [Redacted]

EFTA00038742