U.S. Department of Justice

Location: FBI Miami Field Office
Miramar, FL 33027

Date: November 12, 2020

Time: 9:00 a.m. EST to 12:00 p.m. EST
~ Please arrive no later than 8:30 a.m. ~

RSVP: Please advise whether you will be attending by sending your completed RSVP questionnaire to [redacted] by November 2, 2020

Point of contact: Please direct all communication related to this briefing to [redacted]. We will do our best to respond within 24 hours. Please use this email address only to communicate about scheduling and travel logistics. Please do not use this email address to submit substantive comments about any prior or ongoing criminal case, or to report any details of abuse or other criminal conduct.

The United States Department of Justice (DOJ) invites you to participate in a meeting for the purpose of providing you with information about the 2006 to 2008 federal criminal investigation conducted by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida (USAO) of Jeffrey Epstein. The meeting will include discussion of the U.S. Attorney’s Office’s interactions with victims. During this meeting, we will be unable to discuss any ongoing investigations, prosecutions or litigation. A Department representative will provide information verbally and will also provide a written summary. There will be an opportunity for invitees to ask questions at the conclusion of the briefing.

## Important information about content of meeting:

- Focus of meeting: The Department of Justice will provide information on decisions made by federal prosecutors between 2006 and 2008 relating to the USAO’s investigation of Jeffrey Epstein. This briefing will not focus on federal law enforcement agents or their activities, state prosecutors, or state law enforcement officials.

- No information on ongoing investigations, prosecutions and litigation. We will be unable to discuss or answer questions about any ongoing investigations, prosecutions, or litigation.

EFTA00038265

Information about meeting participants:

- Meeting participants: Meeting participants will consist solely of Department of Justice and FBI representatives, crime victims, crime victims’ legal representatives, and, potentially, support persons.

- Attorneys: If you would like your legal representative to attend the meeting, they are welcome to do so. Please include their information on the RSVP form.

- Support persons: If you would like to travel with a support person, you are welcome to do so. To comply with applicable COVID-19 safety restrictions, however, the FBI will need to limit the number of people allowed access to the FBI building and the meeting. We are committed to providing a safe environment. Whether a support person will be allowed into the FBI building and the meeting will depend on the number of participants able to attend. We will inform you whether support persons will be allowed in the building and the meeting after the RSVP deadline.

- Therapist and victim assistance specialists: Due to the difficult subject matter, the Department plans to have a therapist and federal victim assistant professionals available for those who may choose to take a break from the conversation and may like some support.

Important information about meeting logistics:

- Location: If travel to the Miami, Florida, location is not possible, please contact us so we can make alternative arrangements, if possible.

- Written material: If you do not plan to participate but would like to receive written material after the November 12 meeting, please let us know.

- What you need to bring: a cloth face covering or medical grade face covering and your government issued identification for verification and building access.

- COVID-19 Precautions: Prior to entering FBI space, guests must be wearing a cloth face covering and must be able to answer “no” to the questions below. If a guest answers “yes” to either question, they will be denied entry.

- Do you currently have a fever, cough, shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, repeated shaking from chills, muscle pain, sore throat, new loss of taste or smell, or any other flu-like symptoms?

- In the past 14 days, have you been in close (less than 6 feet) and prolonged (more than 15 minutes) contact with someone with presumptive or confirmed COVID-19 without wearing a face covering or mask?

EFTA00038266

○ Temperature Screening: By entering the screening area of FBI space, guests consent to have their temperature taken. The screener will use a no-touch, infrared thermometer placed one inch from the forehead. If a guest’s temperature is below 100.4°F, they can enter the facility. If the temperature is at or above 100.4°F, the guest will be denied entry.

○ Masks and Social Distancing: All meeting participants must wear face coverings throughout the meeting and at all times while in the FBI building. The meeting space will be set up to maintain social distancing with a minimum distance of six feet between participants.

- No devices: Pursuant to FBI policy, cellular devices, cameras, and any electronic communications devices will not be allowed in the building. Please leave your devices in your vehicle, home or hotel in a secure place.

# Information about arranging travel and covering the costs of travel:

- The U.S. Department of Justice will provide transportation (air/bus/train travel and one checked bag) and lodging costs of meeting invitees and, if desired, a support person. Ground transportation will be reimbursed with receipts. Please retain receipts if you intend to request reimbursement. More information will be provided at the briefing.
- The U.S. Department of Justice will not cover the costs of food, per diem, or any other expenses during your travel. Please contact us if this is a concern.
- Parking is available in the visitors’ lot of the FBI building. Additional spaces will be available should the visitor lot reach capacity. FBI personnel will be present outside to help you find your way to the meeting space.

If last minute changes arise regarding your itinerary or if you have additional questions, please submit updates and questions to [redacted]. We will respond to any concerns as soon as possible.

EFTA00038267