From: ___________________________________________________________
To: ___________________________________________________________,
Subject: Re: Fw: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1048721 2020 DS Ghislaine Maxwell (External Case No. 2018R01618)
Date: Fri, 12 Jun 2020 01:31:28 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thank you

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, June 11, 2020 8:35 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Fw: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1048721 2020 DS Ghislaine Maxwell (External Case No. 2018R01618)

Batch search for numbers called

Administrative Specialist
FBI- New York Field Office
Supporting CAST/DIVRT
ASAC Criminal Branch C

New York, NY 10278

To Request CAST Assistance:
https://forms.fbi.gov/cast

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, June 11, 2020 6:17 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Fwd: Fw: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1048721 2020 DS Ghislaine Maxwell (External Case No. 2018R01618)

Hey ___________________________________________________________

☐ said there was some problems in sending and receiving emails. Attached is the amazon records.

EFTA00037945

EFTA00037946

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: _____________________________________________________________
Date: May 27, 2020 5:51 PM
Subject: Fw: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1048721 2020 DS Ghislaine Maxwell (External Case No. 2018R01618)
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________

---

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, February 7, 2020 4:35 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1048721 2020 DS Ghislaine Maxwell (External Case No. 2018R01618)

Amazon records.

---

From: subpoena-criminal@amazon.com [mailto:subpoena-criminal@amazon.com]
Sent: Friday, January 31, 2020 7:22 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: Amazon Ref. No. CRIM1048721 2020 DS Ghislaine Maxwell (External Case No. 2018R01618)

Attached please find Amazon’s response to the above-referenced request. For privacy and other legal reasons, we have redacted the titles of expressive materials. Amazon reserves any and all objections that Amazon may have with respect to this law enforcement request, including that the information and/or records requested are unusually voluminous in nature and that compliance with such order otherwise would cause an undue burden on Amazon.

Sincerely,

_________________________
Law Enforcement Response Specialist
Amazon.com, Inc.

NOTICE: This communication might contain privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient or you believe that you have received this communication in error, please delete this message and do not print, share, or otherwise use this message or its contents in any way. Please also indicate by reply email that you have received this communication in error and that you have deleted it.