From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Fwd: My clients/Jeffrey Epstein victims
Date: Wed, 20 May 2020 21:14:59 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hi [REDACTED] - I spoke to the other Attorney in Florida today; and she is representing the below victims. They are requesting the 12 counseling sessions.

Can you confirm they are identified victims?

Thanks
[REDACTED]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Forwarded message
From:
Date: May 20, 2020 4:49 PM
Subject: My clients/Jeffrey Epstein victims
To:
Cc:

Thank you so much for giving me a call today to discuss the therapy options for my three clients who were among the original plaintiffs who filed civil lawsuits against Jeffrey Epstein in South Florida. As I mentioned, 2 are still in the [REDACTED] and 1 is now living in [REDACTED]. All three are in need of counseling services.

You mentioned that you will double-check the list of known JE victims to confirm they are eligible for therapy assistance. I am providing these names to you confidentiality with the understanding that they will never become part of a public record and will otherwise remain confidential due to the women's statuses as victims of child sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein. They have never been publicly identified in any court records or media.

1.
[REDACTED]

In the event that one or more of these women has not been previously identified to the FBI, please let me know what information you need to determine their eligibility and I will get it to you in short order.

I would ask that all contact about these three women be through me (or my office) rather than with the women directly. As we discussed on the phone, among the lingering effects for each of them is a fundamental distrust of anyone trying to obtain information Epstein. He was not above lying and trickery during the course of the lawsuits and he certainly had enough resources to buy real-looking

EFTA00038410

fake credentials for people to pose as FBI agents, so as sad as it is, they all assume that anyone who contacts them has to be lying about their identities and motives. Also, as I mentioned, none of them

It is probably best for everyone that I'm the communications conduit for everything.

Please let me know what you need to get the counseling for each up and running. I will contact the therapist that I know in the area that was interested in seeing to see if she takes credit cards, and I will also do some homework on that you mentioned. will definitely need some referrals or recommendations if you have them; she does not have any particular therapist in mind at this time.

Thanks again. And please know that I remain committed to assisting your team with their investigation in any way that I can, even if it does not involve my clients specifically. Between and I, we probably have the best combined institutional knowledge of the case through 2011. I will readily admit that is a much better resource for everything post-2011. But if I can assist in any way, please let me know.

Of Counsel

EFTA00038411