From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Request for assistance - C-20

Date: Wed, 29 Jul 2020 23:30:53 +0000

Importance: Normal

No worries and completely understandable! Thanks!

On Jul 29, 2020 7:28 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Hi

Unfortunately the time commitment will be too much with my C14 duties coming up to a critical time.

Apologies again! If you guys ever have any short term needs you need support for keep me in mind!

On Jul 29, 2020 7:15 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Hi

Not a bother! We are currently working on a few projects in prepping for discovery. One of the projects has a turnaround time of end of August. I understand your squad responsibilities take priority and I have had other volunteers, so no worries if the time commitment would not work out. We have a large volume of evidence we are working through so it likely would take some time. Happy to talk more in depth over the phone as well.

FBI New York Field Office

Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 2:37 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;, (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Request for assistance - C-20

Thanks

SA the request email we were sent does not have much detail. Could you provide estimated time commitment and activity?

Sorry to bother!

EFTA00037974

On Jul 29, 2020 2:31 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Hi

Please let me know what the time commitment would be.

Thank you,

Supervisory Special Agent
FBI New York Office
Public Corruption

On Jul 29, 2020 2:29 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
SA

I'm happy to assist if my SSA approves.

On Jul 29, 2020 2:25 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Squad C-20 (VCAC/HT) is looking for assistance related to the ongoing Epstein/Maxwell investigation. This is a unique opportunity to assist with a high profile case. If you are available, please contact SA and copy your respective SSA.

- for your visibility and any Agents in the NADP who may be available.

Thank you,

FBI - New York Office

EFTA00037975