From: "/O=EXCHANGELABS/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=72708F8BC5354F44958B87907FF0BCDB-"
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein victim
Date: Mon, 02 Mar 2020 19:45:24 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thank I let know. Let me know if there is anything you need.

Thanks!

From:
Sent: Monday, March 02, 2020 2:36 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein victim

my desk phone but I think some other main line for number appears. Just give her my name and we've met so she may remember me from the meeting at the law firm.

Thanks!

From:
Sent: Monday, March 2, 2020 11:34 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein victim

Sure.

I'd like to give her a heads up on... what number would you be reaching out on?

From:
Sent: Monday, March 02, 2020 1:26 PM
To: <cfmills@fbi.gov>
Cc:
Subject: Epstein victim

can you give this to ?

Thank you !

EFTA00038406</cfmills@fbi.gov>

On Mar 2, 2020 1:25 PM, "...") &lt;CFMILLS@fbi.gov&gt; wrote:

Sure. What's the victim's contact info?

Thanks,

On Mar 2, 2020 10:11 AM, "...") &lt;... &gt; wrote:

Hi ... - I hope you are doing well! I am reaching out regarding a victim that you met last fall with ... was in LA last week where she met with ...; and she is now requesting therapy referrals. We are hoping that you could assist her with this. ... said if you have any questions that she can update you.

She is also eligible for NY State Crime Comp - www.ovs.ny.gov. She will just need to complete an application and send to me directly.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

We really appreciate your assistance!

MS
FBI Victim Specialist
New York Field Office

EFTA00038407