# Re: Video Interview

From:
To:
Date: Fri, 05 Feb 2021 15:23:29 -0500

Thanks ☐ - I'm traveling today (that's why I was trying to do yesterday). I asked him if we could talk Monday. Thanks!

From: ☐ &lt;☐ &gt;
Sent: Friday, February 5, 2021 11:25:06 AM
To: ☐
Subject: Re: Video Interview

Hi ☐

I'm writing to inform you that attorney Don Duboulay is currently trying to reach out to you in order to start the process of court appointment. He is looking to do that today if possible.
Please call him at ☐. His email address is dondubesq@aol.com.

Thank you,

Detective ☐
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Hu ☐

From: ☐
Sent: Monday, February 1, 2021 9:11 AM
To: ☐ &lt;☐ &gt;
Subject: Re: Video Interview

Yes and I Rsvp'd. Hopefully the snow won't knock out our power here...

From: ☐ &lt;☐ &gt;
Sent: Sunday, January 31, 2021 3:52:22 PM
To: ☐
Subject: Re: Video Interview

Hey ☐

I'm just double checking to see that you received the invitation for tomorrow's 3:30 interview.
Please let me know thanks,

On Jan 28, 2021, at 10:37, ☐ wrote:

EFTA00038809

That makes it easy! Anytime tomorrow or Monday, but just Thursday morning. I'll look for the invitation. Thanks

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;
Sent: Thursday, January 28, 2021 10:32:40 AM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: Video Interview

Hi [REDACTED],

Glad things have calmed down a bit for you.

In general I think it's best for everyone to do this over video conference. It's the fastest and safest way for us to connect in these times.

You will not require any special technology or apps to connect. If you have a smart phone or any computer with a camera/ webcam that will work. We will send you a secure email link which will open right up in your web browser. There is an option to download an app on your phone but it's not necessary.

I will check with the rest of the team on connecting with you either tomorrow, Monday or Thursday. Mornings work best for you? How's 10 am work on any of those days?

On Jan 28, 2021, at 10:01, [REDACTED] wrote:

Good morning [REDACTED],

Things have calmed down a bit here and I have time to get back to you.

A couple of questions:

The email says we can have a video conference for a few hours. What type of video/computer capability would I need?

Would you rather I speak with Grand Jury in NYC? Do to Covid, I'd rather not come up.

Can I meet with the FBI in DC instead?

And, if it's possible to do a zoom meeting, I'll be at my computer tomorrow, Monday and Thursday morning. Please let me know ASAP as I have to arrange my schedule.

Thanks,

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, January 19, 2021 3:33:25 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: Video Interview

Hi [REDACTED],

EFTA00038810

Again I'm sorry to hear about your family issues. We also totally understand the need to want to do this interview in the safest possible way.

Unfortunately you still remain an important witness to this investigation and it is becoming time sensitive. That being said we are issuing you the attached Grand Jury Subpoena to speak with us. In lieu of appearing in a Grand Jury in New York on the listed time and date we are still ok with you blocking off a few hours to speak with us over video conference sometime in near future.

Please see attached to the subpoena your Advice of Rights.

Thanks again,

EFTA00038811