From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Cc: "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: C-20 Request for assistance

Date: Tue, 20 Oct 2020 14:27:07 +0000

Importance: Normal

Thank you

, thanks for being available to assist. I'll send out a separate email shortly to you and cc our AUSA to link you two.

- On Oct 19, 2020 9:07 PM, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Hi

SA is available to assist on Friday.

- On Oct 19, 2020 6:18 PM, "( (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Hi

This has been scheduled and rescheduled multiple times due to the availability of defense counsel. It has now been scheduled for Maxwell and her attorneys to review discovery items this Friday, 10/23/2020. is still available to assist but is unavailable. Would you mind canvassing for one agent to assist for Friday from 8am – 3p at the MDC?

Thank you!

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking

C:

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, October 1, 2020 9:24 AM

To: (SI) (FBI) &lt; , (NY) (FBI) &lt; , (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Fwd: C-20 request for assistance next week

Hi

SA and SA can assist

EFTA00038020

EFTA00038021

---

**Forwarded message**

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM
Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week
To: NY-NADP &lt; &gt;
Cc: . (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " (NYPD)" &lt; &gt;
All-

Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist

Thanks,
&lt; &gt;