From: ___________________________________________________________
To: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: RE: question for award application
Date: Wed, 29 Jun 2022 20:53:19 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: Directors_Award_Supervisor_Concurrence.pdf

Got it! Sorry for the delay.

Special Agent _________________________________________________________
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, June 29, 2022 11:02:04 AM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: RE: question for award application

Hey ___________________________________________________________ -- in the spirit of closure (!), any luck on the concurrence form? I have ___________________________________________________________ from NYPD, so now that sentencing is done I think the office will submit as soon as possible (it's due Friday, but I think because of the upcoming holiday weekend they'd love to submit today or tomorrow). Thanks!

From: ___________________________________________________________ (USANYS)
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2022 14:20
To: ___________________________________________________________ &lt;________&gt; ___________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: RE: question for award application

And I got her info, so updated concurrence is attached. Progress :)

From: ___________________________________________________________ &lt;________&gt; ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2022 13:21
To: ___________________________________________________________ (USANYS) &lt;________&gt; ___________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: RE: question for award application

Much appreciated. Thanks _________________________________________________________!

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2022 1:04 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: RE: question for award application
Importance: High

FYI, all good! As soon as I get her info, I'll send you the updated form and summary.

From: ___________________________________________________________ (USANYS)
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2022 13:03
To: ___________________________________________________________

EFTA00038965

Subject: RE: question for award application

Importance: High

Dear [REDACTED],

Been a while, so I hope you're well these days! I wanted to send a quick email because our office is nominating the Epstein / Maxwell case for a Director's Award in the category of Superior Performance by a Litigation Team. Doing a nomination for that award in particular allows the office to include law enforcement partners as well, so we're thrilled to have the full team in the application, including in recognition of your extensive efforts with victims. I've reached out to [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your:

- DOB
- Last four of SSN
- Your GS scale
- Whether you've won any DOJ or other professional awards in the past three years

That's all! I'm reachable anytime at this email or by phone at [REDACTED]. If it's possible to chat today, that would be great, or if not then whenever you're able.

thanks again,

[REDACTED]

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00038966