From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: RE: RE: question for award application
Date: Fri, 24 Jun 2022 17:20:32 +0000
Importance: Normal

Much appreciated. Thanks _______!

From: _______________________________________________________________ (___________________________)
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2022 1:04 PM
To: _______________________________________________________________ (___________________________)
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: RE: question for award application
Importance: High

FYI, all good! As soon as I get her info, I’ll send you the updated form and summary.

From: _______________________________________________________________ (___________________________)
Sent: Friday, June 24, 2022 13:03
To: _______________________________________________________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;___________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: question for award application
Importance: High

Dear _______________________________________________________________,

Been a while, so I hope you’re well these days! I wanted to send a quick email because our office is nominating the Epstein / Maxwell case for a Director’s Award in the category of Superior Performance by a Litigation Team. Doing a nomination for that award in particular allows the office to include law enforcement partners as well, so we’re thrilled to have the full team in the application, including in recognition of your extensive efforts with victims. I’ve reached out to _______________________________________________________________ and _______________________________________________________________, and so also wanted to ask you if you could please either email, or give me a quick call to tell me, your:

- DOB
- Last four of SSN
- Your GS scale
- Whether you’ve won any DOJ or other professional awards in the past three years

That’s all! I’m reachable anytime at this email or by phone at _______________________________________________________________. If it’s possible to chat today, that would be great, or if not then whenever you’re able.

thanks again,

Rossmiller
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00038960