Case # 50D-NY-3027571

FBI New York, in coordination with the Southern District of New York's United States Attorney's Office, has been investigating the sexual exploitation and abuse of minors committed by JEFFREY EPSTEIN. EPSTEIN was charged and arrested with sex trafficking and conspiracy in July 2019. In addition to EPSTEIN, co-conspirators have also been investigated, including GHISLAINE MAXWELL. MAXWELL assisted, facilitated, and contributed to EPSTEIN's abuse of minors by recruiting, grooming, and abusing minors they knew to be under the age of 18. MAXWELL was charged and arrested in July 2020 with enticement of a minor, transportation of a minor, conspiracy to entice a minor, conspiracy to transport a minor, and perjury.

During the course of the investigation, a witness, [redacted], date of birth [redacted], who resides in London and is a UK citizen, has been identified to have information into the crimes committed by EPSTEIN and MAXWELL. [redacted] is represented by counsel, JILL GREENFIELD, and has readily and voluntarily agreed to speak with the FBI. FBI agents, along with Assistant United States Attorneys, intend to travel to the UK to interview [redacted] with her counsel present. [redacted] expressed that all communication should be coordinated through counsel. GREENFIELD's information is as follows:

Jill Greenfield
Fieldfisher LLP
Email [redacted]
D: [redacted]
M: [redacted]

Legat London (ALAT [redacted]) concurs with this travel and is currently working to assist FBI New York in arranging this travel and interview.

Names of FBI NY travelers:
SA [redacted]
Det [redacted] – NYPD TFO

EFTA00038031