From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (DN) (FBI)" &lt;

Ce: " (DN) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: Re: Epstein victim

Date: Fri, 26 Feb 2021 14:28:25 +0000

Importance: Normal

Ok. Thanks

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 26, 2021 9:19 AM, " (DN) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

It was fairly late when co firmed for today. She said yesterday "was just a bad day". She has so.whine this morning I got and said she could be to our office by 11.

Thanks

On Feb 24, 2021 10:24 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Ok no problem

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 24, 2021 12:19 PM, " (DN) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

just texted she will be here before 11. So we might be a little late.

On Feb 23, 2021 4:47 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Great news! Thanks so much for coordinating. I'll send out a video link

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 23, 2021 6:33 PM, " (DN) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

After a few attempts we finally made contact with . She will be here at 1030 tomorrow morning.

On Feb 18, 2021 7:31 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Hi , yes I can be available. That shouldn't be a problem. What time works best?

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

EFTA00038524

On Feb 18, 2021 8:44 PM, " (DN) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Would you be available next Tuesday (preferably) or Wednesday morning to do this interview?

On Feb 3, 2021 1:02 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote: Thanks

, do you mind if I give you a call to discuss?

Thanks,

Special Agent New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C:

From: (DN) (FBI) &lt; Sent: Wednesday, February 3, 2021 12:42 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; (NY) (FBI) &lt; (Dn) (FBI) &lt; Subject: Epstein victim

I'm in forensic interviews all day. SA (ccd on this) is an agent in the office. He's actually met . Mayne touch base with him to detail what yall need.?

Thanks

On Feb 3, 2021 9:58 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

I can chat anytime. When is a good time to call?

Special Agent FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 2, 2021 5:38 PM, " (DN) (FBI)" &lt; wrote: Give me a call on this. I'm actually on my way to . We have an fbi office there. But it's 7 hours from where I'm stationed. Would love to address if we can while I'm there.

EFTA00038525

On Feb 2, 2021 2:40 PM, "_____.____ (NY) (FBI)" &lt;_____ &gt; wrote:

_____ - happy new year! I hope you are doing ok! I am reaching out regarding ______ who you assisted us with last year. She has resurfaced and is asking for a trauma focused therapist. I told her I would reach back out to you since I know you had given this information to her before.

We are hoping to try to interview her sooner than later and wanted to ask if you know of any office locations close to her in ______? Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!

Thanks again for all of your help! We really appreciate it!

EFTA00038526