EFTA00038433

From: _________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: assisting with Maxwell case
Date: Thu, 30 Jul 2020 18:40:55 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks for connecting us, _________________________________________________________

Hey _________________________________________________________, you may remember me from around this time last year when I catalogued and scanned a bunch of Miami evidence for the Epstein case. I’m now out on the JFK Airport squad, and I’ve been talking with _________________________________________________________ about trying to get more involved in the FO’s human trafficking work since I’m sure a lot of it moves through the airports. I’m hoping to maybe establish some stronger airport tripwires for it, so any human trafficking case experience I can get now to help me to understand the violation better would be great.

So if you need people to help coming up, let me know. I’d still have to run it past my supervisor, but things are pretty flexible out here schedule-wise. So just let me know the details if you still need people!

Best,

________________________________________________________

From: _________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 7:31 PM
To: _________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: assisting with Maxwell case

Hey _________________________________________________________ - I connecting you to _________________________________________________________. She said she would be happy to assist with the discovery prep.

On Jul 29, 2020 7:16 PM, _________________________________________________________ &gt; wrote:
Good evening, _________________________________________________________!

Sorry for my late response; I was out of the office yesterday and I shifted my schedule late today because I’m just about to rotate in as the duty agent, so I’m just catching up now.

But thank you, I’ll definitely reach out to _________________________________________________________ about that training!

And yes, I actually helped out with the Epstein case a little bit when I was on Applicants, and I’d definitely be up to help out again! That would be great experience since I haven’t done discovery from the Agent side yet. Thanks so much for thinking of me! 😊

I also have it on my list to message _________________________________________________________ from _________________________________________________________ to reach out in the same way I’ve done with _________________________________________________________, so that could be very timely. Will let you know if I make some headway!

Best,

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 28, 2020 7:39 PM
To:
Subject: Human Trafficking Training Materials

Hey — that's great you met with — and I have a trafficking training that we have used; maybe you can reach out to her.

I just left 290 with the case agents on Epstein/ maxwell case. They are going to canvas for agents to help them this coming month for discovery. I asked them if I could tell you in case you are interested. I'm gn to go to tomorrow and try to catch up. Feel free to call me.

On Jul 27, 2020 4:13 PM, &gt;&gt; wrote:
Good afternoon,

Hope you've been doing well, enjoying the summer, and staying healthy! Just wanted to follow-up on the conversation we had earlier in the year talking about me possibly getting hooked up with the human trafficking squads to assist them now that I'm out at the airport. I actually spent a day at LIRA last week and got to meet some of the team to discuss how I might be able to supplement the work of their squad, and it was great to be able to chat with them.

Unfortunately it turns out that most of the flight-tracking tools used by the JTTF are for international flights, whereas ’s subjects are mostly flying domestic, which is kind of a bummer since we don't have a lot of ways to track that kind of movement. But I'm still trying to think of ways I can use my position at the airport to be helpful, and that brought me back to our discussion where we touched on the idea of providing trainings to staff at the airport, to hopefully establish better tripwires and/or encourage staff to call the airport squad when they see something potentially suspicious. I know you said you've given trainings on human trafficking before and you're familiar with the kind of training that would work at the airport, and I'm definitely interested in pursuing this idea to hopefully put it into action once airport operations start to return to normal. In the meantime, I want to brush up on the topic as much as I can. Would you happen to have access to any Bureau-created or law enforcement-specific training materials besides what would come up on a basic Google search? There's certainly a lot available via open sources, but if we have any internal presentation or training materials that you could direct me to I would love to take a look at them. Or if you have any recommendations for open source websites or articles, etc. on human trafficking that you've found particularly helpful, that would be great to know.

Thanks as always for your help and advice!

Best,

EFTA00038434