the time. I was taken to an underground location. I was blindfolded so I would not know exactly where I was at. It was dark, and when we went through doors. We went downstairs, there was also an elevator in the location. I was kept in a stall, it looked like a horse stall that had short walls on the sides so you could see inside. It wasn't really to keep me and the other little girls inside it was to make it where we could be viewed. Epstein would walk past each girl including myself with a lot of men following him, and they would judge us. He told me I was "fat and ugly". So that's what he called me. , and he said I had to pretend it was him to see if I performed well. He said if I performed well I could be his girlfriend, then I would be allowed to be upstairs he called it. He said the girls upstairs were pretty and they were his girlfriends. He then raped me, and said I was evil because I liked it. I couldn't make my body stop feeling, so he said I had to go to the holding place to pray hard enough to be able to be upstairs with the other girls. There were a lot of pictures of girls naked all over the walls. I had to pray hard to be like them he said. The girls that he said performed well enough, went with the line of all of the men and they left.

In Virgin Islands, I was , they stopped there. I was 17 years old, was blindfolded and taken to an underground location. It had steps that went down. I was raped by Jeffery Epstein, there were other men that raped me. I was kept in a stall so that men could look at me. He said I was an animal and that he was perfect, if I had sex with him that I wouldn't be such an animal. . He said I wanted to be raped because I wanted to be more like him.

2. Please state your full name and date of birth.

3. Please state your current address and phone number.

4. Please give physical description of yourself: HT, WT, hair and eye color, ethnicity, glasses, tattoos, scars, habits (smoking, drinking).

EFTA00037903