From:
To:
Subject: Fwd: 819319
Date: Wed, 28 Jun 2023 20:29:48 +0000
Importance: Normal

- see my response below. I will give you a call when I'm on break.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 28, 2023 3:25:10 PM
To:
Subject: Re: 819319

Hi - I'm so sorry I have been meaning to touch base with everything you are helping me with; but I have been non stop traveling for work. I'm in new Orleans till Friday for training. Let me call the case agent to see if she has a copy of the ovs/fbi form that she could send you.

I'm out on vacation next week but when I'm at my desk I do want to go over one taste and anything else you may need from me.

Thank you for all of your help with one taste too. Did you see there was an arrest made on this case?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 28, 2023 3:04:06 PM
To:
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - 819319

Good Afternoon,

I am still in need of an FBI Verification form for the above victim. We spoke briefly about her before. You were able to confirm that she was a vetted victim of Epstein. If you get a chance, can you please send that over?

Thank you!

New York State Office of Victim Services
Alfred E. Smith State Office Building
80 South Swan Street, 2nd Floor
Albany, NY 12210-8002

www.ovs.ny.gov

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This message, and its attachments, is a confidential communication intended solely for the designated recipient(s) and contains confidential information which is legally privileged and protected by law from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information included in this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender by reply e-mail and immediately and permanently delete this e-mail.

EFTA00039023

EFTA00039024