Re: Video Conference

From:
To:
Date: Mon, 25 Jan 2021 12:37:13 -0500

Thanks

You should have received an email invitation for this Friday at 10 am (New York time). Thanks for being flexible on this. Look forward to speaking with you.

On Jan 23, 2021, at 15:11, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

Hi

No worries about the change in timing. Earlier Friday morning works fine for me. I am indeed still living in Arizona, so 10-11am NY time will be 8-9am here.

Thanks,

On Fri, Jan 22, 2021 at 6:35 AM BYRNE, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

We have a bit of a conflict in timing on our end that I did not initially realize for next Friday. I do apologize but is there any chance you can speak with us earlier that morning (around 10-11am New York time) instead of 2pm? Are you still living in Arizona? If this is too early we can also try and arrange some other timing during the week if you know your work schedule better by now. I don't expect our conversation to be much more than an hour.

Sorry again and please let me know,

On Jan 18, 2021, at 22:40, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

That works for me. Will look forward to more details as it approaches.

Thanks,

On Jan 18, 2021, at 4:27 PM, BYRNE, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

How does Friday January 29th at 2pm (New York time) work for you?

Let us know,

EFTA00038788

&gt;&gt;&gt; On Jan 16, 2021, at 20:07, BYRNE, &lt; wrote:
&gt;&gt;&gt; Hey ,
&gt;&gt;&gt; As per our conversation I've CC'd my partner from the FBI. We look forward to speaking with you something during the week of January 25th. Good luck next week and let us know what works best for you.
&gt;&gt;&gt; Thanks,
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; - [REDACTED]

EFTA00038789