From:
To:
Subject: RE: Volunteer
Date: Sat, 01 Aug 2020 00:08:21 +0000
Importance: Normal

Same here, Monday sounds great. Take care

On Jul 31, 2020 8:06 PM, " [redacted] wrote:
Hey sorry [redacted] Was swamped today. Happy to chat whenever. Can also touch base monday.

On Jul 31, 2020 4:35 PM, " [redacted] (TD) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
Hi [redacted].

Let me know if you have a time to chat.

Regards,

On Jul 29, 2020 7:21 PM, " [redacted] (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
No problem! I'm free anytime tomorrow morning before 1145 and late Friday afternoon after 2pm. And free to chat anytime early next week as of right now. Let me know what's convenient for you.

Thanks,

From: [redacted] (TD) (FBI) &lt; [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 7:04 PM
To: [redacted] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted]
Subject: RE: Volunteer

I really want to help out. I would be more than happy to talk a little bit more so I can figure out a way to assist you guys and fulfill my SOG shifts. Let me know when is a good day/time to talk.

Take care,

On Jul 29, 2020 6:48 PM, " [redacted] (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
Hey [redacted], thanks for being willing to help. We are looking for people to help with prepping and organizing evidence for discovery, along with assistance reviewing some items and listening to recordings. If you have time for that and are still

EFTA00038043

interested, let me know. Happy to talk over the phone as well if you have questions or would like a more in depth overview.

Thanks,

Special Agent
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C:

From: (TD) (FBI) <br/>
Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 3:41 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) <br/>
Subject: Volunteer

Good afternoon SA

I'm interested in assisting with this ongoing investigation. At the time I'm part of SOG but wanted to know how I could assist you and the squad.

Respectfully,

SA
SO-4

-All-

Squad C-20 (VCAC/HT) is looking for assistance related to the ongoing Epstein/Maxwell investigation. This is a unique opportunity to assist with a high profile case.

If you are available, please contact SA .(she is cc'd).

EFTA00038044