From: " [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;REDACTED&gt;
To: " [REDACTED]"
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Hotline tracking spreadsheets?
Date: Fri, 08 Oct 2021 03:58:24 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hey [REDACTED],

Following up on the below—sorry for not thinking to ask about this earlier today. Let me know if you need any more info from me to get these email tips sent our way for the AUSAs to review.

Thanks so much,

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor]
Sent: Tuesday, October 5, 2021 12:13 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Hotline tracking spreadsheets?

Hey [REDACTED],

and [REDACTED] would like the emails for the SDNY leads in the updated Maxwell hotline spreadsheet. I’ve made a USAfx folder for them to be uploaded to, since it’s probably too many to send via email:

[REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

If you could please help us get these together as soon as possible, that would be really helpful.

Thanks again,

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, October 5, 2021 7:06 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Re: Hotline tracking spreadsheets?

Yea give me a call when you’re free.

Special Agent [REDACTED]
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, October 4, 2021 10:12:59 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Hotline tracking spreadsheets?

Thanks, [REDACTED] I have a few questions about these, can I give you a call tomorrow (Tuesday) morning?

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, October 4, 2021 2:29 PM

EFTA00038837

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] <br/>
Subject: RE: Hotline tracking spreadsheets?

The two are attached.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] <br/>
Sent: Sunday, October 3, 2021 6:53 PM
To: [REDACTED] <br/>
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Hotline tracking spreadsheets?

Hi [REDACTED].

Hope you're doing well. Do you have up-to-date copies of the tracking spreadsheets for the tipline/hotlines for Maxwell and Epstein that you could please send to me as soon as possible? I think the last ones we have from FBI are from last summer (one of which is attached) so just want to do extra due diligence on my end to make sure we have what we need to produce in 3500. If you could send those spreadsheets as soon as possible, that would be great.

Thank you,

EFTA00038838