From:
To: Sigrid McCawley
Ce: Artistic WhistleBl
Subject:
Date: Mon, 30 Sep 2019 20:44:30 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hi Sigrid and [redacted]. I will work on locating a trauma therapist in your new area; and will hope to get back to you with a few days with some options.

Until then here is the link to the New York State Crime Victims Compensation. If you can complete the application and get it back to me - I will submit it with the FBI support letter.

Www.ovs.ny.gov

Let me know if you have any questions about it.

[redacted] my desk is [redacted] if you have any questions. I will be at it all day tomorrow.

Talk to you soon-

[redacted]

On Sep 30, 2019 4:30 PM, Sigrid McCawley [redacted] wrote:
Hell [redacted]

My client [redacted] who I have copied on this email, was very encouraged that you may be able to get her a trauma therapist to help her. I am clipping her new address below. She is also very interested in applying for any other type of aid that might be available to her. Epstein attack on [redacted] after she went to authorities was relentless and it ruined her art career which was her livelihood and has caused her significant trauma. She has struggled incredibly as a result of Epstein's conduct. I would like to help her apply for anything she is eligible to receive including possibly lost wages if that is available.

We both greatly appreciate your help and dedication to these victims. If you need to reach her [redacted] all number is

[redacted]

Best,
Sigrid

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

EFTA00038109

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00038110