Re: Interview

From: " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;
To: " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Cc: " " " &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 17:06:59 -0500

I'm sorry about the back and forth with this but unfortunately some of the members of our team are not going to be able to make it on tonight's call. Are you available at all tomorrow afternoon?

Again I'm sorry about having to cancel tonight.

- [ ] Detective [ ] NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [ ]
Cell: [ ]
Fax: [ ]
From: [ ] &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, January 11, 2021 3:39 PM
To: [ ] &lt;---&gt; &gt;
Cc: [ ]
Subject: Re: Interview

Cool...

Sent from my iPad

On 11 Jan 2021, at 15:38, [ ], [ ] &lt;---&gt; wrote:

Ok sounds good,
I will have a calendar sent out with instructions for 5:30.
Thanks,

On Jan 11, 2021, at 15:33, [ ] &lt;---&gt; wrote:

Hi [ ]
There is no need for [ ] to attend.
I am good for 5.30 today.
Yours [ ]

Sent from my iPad

EFTA00038814

On 11 Jan 2021, at 10:43, [redacted], [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Good morning [redacted],

I apologize for the delayed response on this. By all means your attorney is welcome on this call. In fact if this your preference we will reschedule until he is available to be a part of it. We can do a call today anytime from 3PM on into the evening if that works for him. Also most anytime tomorrow works for us. If you or he has any questions feel free to have him call me directly by cell.

On Jan 10, 2021, at 14:49, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hi [redacted]

I am now in your fair city. I can do the 5.30pm tomorrow as [redacted] Lancaster wont be on the call.

I should mention that [redacted] has been a friend of mine and the [redacted] family for 25 years. She said that if either you or [redacted] needed a character reference on me, she would be happy to give one. I spoke to her in LA just now. Have a great rest of the weekend.

Regards

Sent from my iPad

On 7 Jan 2021, at 17:08, [redacted], [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hello [redacted],

I've spoken with the team they are going to available on Monday afternoon at 5:30 for a meeting with you. I know you had mentioned being in New York that day and meeting with us in person but as of now it will work best for our team to conduct a virtual interview. If you are comfortable with that we can schedule you for 5:30 PM on Monday 1/11. You would receive email instructions on how to log into the secure video line from either your cell phone of computer.

Please let me know and thanks again,

- [redacted]
Detective [redacted]
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [redacted]
Cell: [redacted]
Fax: [redacted]

EFTA00038815