From: " (DN) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein victim

Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2021 15:16:32 +0000

Importance: Normal

O.k., we should probably test to make sure we can use Webex before the meeting. I would hate to have technical difficulties when she arrives.

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, February 24, 2021 8:11 AM

To: (DN) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein victim

Hey,

We are going to be using Webex. I'm going to send the link to you as soon as I get it from the AUSA. Completely up to you if you want to sit in; you're helping us out. You do not need to sit in though, so don't feel you have to.

I should have the link shortly.

From: (DN) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, February 24, 2021 10:07 AM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein victim

What system are you planning to use for the video conference? Do you want me to sit in with [redacted] on this end? If you do that is fine, and if you don't that is fine, just let me know.

Thanks,

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, February 23, 2021 4:48 PM

To: (DN) (FBI) &lt;;; (NY) (FBI) &lt;;

Cc: (DN) (FBI) &lt;;

Subject: Re: Epstein victim

Great news! Thanks so much for coordinating. I'll send out a video link

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 23, 2021 6:33 PM, " (DN) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

After a few attempts we finally made contact with [redacted]. She will be here at 1030 tomorrow morning.

EFTA00038530

On Feb 18, 2021 7:31 PM, "________________, (NY) (FBI)" &lt;________________&gt; wrote:
Hi __________, yes I can be available. That shouldn't be a problem. What time works best?

Special Agent _________________
FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 18, 2021 8:44 PM, "________________, (DN) (FBI)" &lt;________________&gt; wrote:
_________________________

Would you be available next Tuesday (preferably) or Wednesday morning to do this interview?

On Feb 3, 2021 1:02 PM, "________________, (NY) (FBI)" &lt;________________&gt; wrote:
Thanks _________________.

________________, do you mind if I give you a call to discuss?

Thanks,
________________

Special Agent _________________
New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C: _________________

From: _________________, (DN) (FBI) &lt;________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, February 3, 2021 12:42 PM
To: _________________, (NY) (FBI) &lt;________________&gt;; _________________, (NY) (FBI) &lt;________________&gt;
Cc: _________________, (DN) (FBI) &lt;________________&gt;
Subject: Epstein victim

I'm in forensic interviews all day. SA _________________ (ccd on this) is an agent in the _________________ office. He's actually met _________________. Mayne touch base with him to detail what yall need.?

Thanks
________________

On Feb 3, 2021 9:58 AM, "________________, (NY) (FBI)" &lt;________________&gt; wrote:
_________________________

EFTA00038531

I can chat anytime. When is a good time to call?

Special Agent
FBI New York Field Office

On Feb 2, 2021 5:38 PM, " [Redacted] (DN) (FBI)" &lt; [Redacted] &gt; wrote:
Give me a call on this. I'm actually on my way to [Redacted]. We have an fbi office there. But it's 7 hours from where I'm stationed. Would love to address if we can while I'm there.

On Feb 2, 2021 2:40 PM, " [Redacted], [Redacted] (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [Redacted] &gt; wrote:
[Redacted] - happy new year! I hope you are doing ok! I am reaching out regarding [Redacted] who you assisted us with last year. She has resurfaced and is asking for a trauma focused therapist. I told her I would reach back out to you since I know you had given this information to her before.

We are hoping to try to interview her sooner than later and wanted to ask if you know of any office locations close to her in [Redacted]? Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!

Thanks again for all of your help! We really appreciate it!

EFTA00038532