EFTA00038921

From: _______________________________________________________________________

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Cc: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Re: Congratulations

Date: Thu, 30 Dec 2021 00:44:28 +0000

Importance: Normal

Thank you so much for the praise about the case and conviction. It's been a very long 3 years for us since we opened the case, but we're glad it's over. We've been getting many calls of congratulations tonight, largely from victims of Maxwell and Epstein. It's a great end to the case and closure for everyone involved.

Hope for a large sentence for her to come soon.

- On Dec 29, 2021, at 19:31, _______________________________________________________________________ wrote:
- Excellent job. Had both _______________ and _______________ in office. Knew by their knowledge and expertise of subject matter they would get job done !! Congrats and thx for great work !!!
- Sent from my iPhone
- On Dec 29, 2021, at 7:02 PM, _______________________________________________________________________ wrote:
- Fantastic and dedicated work by all. Job well done on this important and international case. Great Effort = Great Results! Thanks
- Detective Bureau
- Specialty Enforcement Teams
- Mission: Success!
- Sent from my iPhone
- On Dec 29, 2021, at 18:35, _______________________________________________________________________ wrote:
- Absolutely, the work and effort by all involved is duly recognized and worthy of merit. Thank you for the great investigation performed and the results that followed. To our federal partners great results when both our agencies work towards one goal!!
- New York Police Department
- Commanding Officer- Vice Human Trafficking Unit
- Email- _______________________________________________________________________
- Cell- _______________________________________________________________________

&gt;&gt;&gt; Office-
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt;&gt;&gt; From:
&gt;&gt;&gt; Sent: Wednesday, December 29, 2021 6:29 PM
&gt;&gt;&gt; To:
&gt;&gt;&gt; Cc
&gt;&gt;&gt; Subject: Congratulations
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; Just wanted to congratulate  and  on a job well done with the guilty verdict of Ghislaine Maxwell. Not many people saw the sacrifices made by you guys during the last few years regarding this case, but it did not go unnoticed with me. You both truly made a difference and I am sure those victims feel the same.
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; Keep up the great work!
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00038922