From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Fwd: Activity in Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Radar Online LLC v. Federal Bureau Of Investigation Order on Motion for Summary Judgment

Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2024 20:53:01 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: 2024.06.25_Radar_Online_Opinion_and_Order.pdf

From: _______________________________

Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2024 5:09:42 PM

To: _______________________________

Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Radar Online LLC v. Federal Bureau Of Investigation Order on Motion for Summary Judgment

FYI—thanks for your help with the declaration!

From: _______________________________

Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2024 5:08 PM

To: _______________________________

Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Radar Online LLC v. Federal Bureau Of Investigation Order on Motion for Summary Judgment

FYI, Judge Gardephe granted our renewed summary judgment motion in the FOIA case in which the FBI withheld Epstein’s investigative file in full under 7(A) based on the Maxwell prosecution. We also asserted some other exemptions, but he only decided 7(A).

From: NYSD_ECF_Pool@nysd.uscourts.gov <nysd_ecf_pool@nysd.uscourts.gov>

Sent: Tuesday, June 25, 2024 4:23 PM

To: CourtMail@nysd.uscourts.gov

Subject: Activity in Case 1:17-cv-03956-PGG Radar Online LLC v. Federal Bureau Of Investigation Order on Motion for Summary Judgment

This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended.

***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** There is no charge for viewing opinions.

U.S. District Court

Southern District of New York

Notice of Electronic Filing

The following transaction was entered on 6/25/2024 at 4:22 PM EDT and filed on 6/25/2024

Case Name: Radar Online LLC v. Federal Bureau Of Investigation

Case Number: 1:17-cv-03956-PGG

EFTA00038650</nysd_ecf_pool@nysd.uscourts.gov>

EFT A00038651

Filer:

Document Number: 64

Docket Text:

ORDER granting [56] Motion for Summary Judgment; denying [61] Motion for Summary Judgment. For the reasons stated above, Defendant's motion for summary judgment (Dkt. No. 56) is granted, and Plaintiffs' cross-motion for summary judgment (Dkt. No. 61) is denied. The Clerk of Court is directed to terminate the motions (Dkt. Nos. 56, 61) and to close this case. SO ORDERED. (Signed by Judge Paul G. Gardephe on 6/25/2024) (ks) Transmission to Orders and Judgments Clerk for processing.

1:17-cv-03956-PGG Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Kirti Vaidya Reddy kirti.reddy@quarles.com, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

Daniel Richard Novack dan@novackmedialaw.com

Allison [redacted], CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

1:17-cv-03956-PGG Notice has been delivered by other means to:

The following document(s) are associated with this transaction:

Document description: Main Document

Original filename: n/a

Electronic document Stamp:

[STAMP dcecfStamp_ID=1008691343 [Date=6/25/2024] [FileNumber=31487806-0] [3603ceaf8e95eb0a3ecc53af7253b58bbddd43c4edc208f90389e3b0cc421df3a6 3bbeb3707ec7e7501af61668dc6b1e3d7c3a231b3b9a0962cb1aeaded7cb5f]]