I don't know what they look like now.

24. Specific to Mr. Epstein: when, how, and where did you meet him? Did he have other men or women with him and were you forced to have sex with him and the others? I was brought to him by my traffickers. He then trafficked me for sex with the men he had with him.

25. What type of sexual intercourse did Mr. Epstein have with you? How often? Was he physically violent? Did he attempt to photograph or video the sexual activity? I was raped by Jeffery Epstein. Multiple times. He was threatening to kill and harm other children if I didn't do what he said. He had video cameras he said, and if I didn't do what he said they would see that I caused the other children to get hurt. Then I would be put in jail.

26. Did Mr. Epstein have any physical features you can recall that would be identifiable only to him? (moles, scars, tattoos,) not that I remember

27. Did Mr. Epstein call you any certain names or refer to you by name? (i.e., sweetie, honey, baby) fat and ugly. He called some of the children that he chose to go places with him "his girlfriend".

28. Have you been arrested in the U.S.? If yes, on what charge, prosecuted? no

29. Are you employed? (We will not contact your employer unless we cannot locate you for further contact.)

30. Are you willing to take a polygraph administered by a federal agency? yes

While certain federal crimes carry a five-year limitation on prosecution, there does not exist a statute of limitation on Human Trafficking within 18 US 1591. Please note that while these questions are invasive, they are necessary and there may be follow-up questions as well. When responding to the above questions, please print or type.

EFTA00037905