EFTA00038443

From:
To:

Subject: Fw: USAO Victim Rights Language for 50D/31E-NY-3027571
Date: Wed, 01 Jul 2020 15:33:03 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

Hey [REDACTED] - I know you are busy but wanted to touch base regarding the list.

I looked over it and I do think it's current. But there are a couple on there we never interviewed but were invited to the briefing. Should they be notified?

[REDACTED]

On Jun 26, 2020 12:13 PM, [REDACTED] [REDACTED] wrote: updated: with note of being in VNS

contact list only 31E-NY-3027571 6.26.2020.xlsx

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Friday, June 26, 2020 11:26 AM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: USAO Victim Rights Language for 50D/31E-NY-3027571

Here is the contact list with their legal representation

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Friday, June 26, 2020 11:19 AM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: USAO Victim Rights Language for 50D/31E-NY-3027571

Good Morning,

Here is the USAO language from their charges filed letter:

Victims of all crimes under federal investigation are entitled to services under the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act (VRRA), including notification of court events. For further details, please refer to Title 34 United States Code section 20141 or the VRRA link posted at https://www.notify.usdoj.gov.

Now that charges have been filed in federal court, victims of the charges filed are, in addition, entitled to the following

rights, according to the Crime Victims' Rights Act, Title 18 United States Code section 3771: (1) The right to be reasonably protected from the accused; (2) The right to reasonable, accurate, and timely notice of any public court proceeding, or any parole proceeding, involving the crime or of any release or escape of the accused; (3) The right not to be excluded from any such public court proceeding, unless the court, after receiving clear and convincing evidence, determines that testimony by the victim would be materially altered if the victim heard other testimony at that proceeding; (4) The right to be reasonably heard at any public proceeding in the district court involving release, plea, sentencing, or any parole proceeding; (5) The reasonable right to confer with the attorney for the Government in the case; (6) The right to full and timely restitution as provided in law; (7) The right to proceedings free from unreasonable delay; (8) The right to be treated with fairness and with respect for the victim's dignity and privacy; (9) The right to be informed in a timely manner of any plea bargain or deferred prosecution agreement; and (10) The right to be informed of the rights under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims' Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20141(c)) and provided contact information for the Office of the Victims' Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice. If you want to inform the prosecutors of your views regarding any aspect of the case, please contact one of the prosecutors listed above or me a

Please understand that these rights apply only to victims of the counts charged in federal court, and thus you may not be able to exercise all of these rights if the crime of which you are a victim was not charged. In any event, we will continue to provide you with notifications and services unless you tell us not to. We will make our best efforts to ensure you are provided the rights and services to which you are entitled. You may contact the Victim/Witness Coordinator at the office listed above if you have questions about the progress of your case, your rights or the services to which you are entitled, or how you can assert them during the proceedings. If you believe that a Justice Department employee has not provided you with these rights, you may file a complaint with the Justice Department's Victims' Rights Ombudsman. For more information, go to http://www.justice.gov/usao/resources/crime-victims-rights-ombudsman. If you have questions about filing a complaint against an employee, you may contact the Ombudsman by email at usaeo.VictimOmbudsman@usdoj.gov. Questions concerning this case should be directed to office listed above.

It is important to keep in mind that the defendant(s) are presumed innocent until proven guilty and that presumption requires both the Court and our office to take certain steps to ensure that justice is served. While our office cannot act as your attorney or provide you with legal advice, you can seek the advice of an attorney with respect to the rights above or other related legal matters.

Thank you,

Victim Notification Analyst
Case Support Unit
FBI Victim Services Division
HQ Room 3329

For shell requests, password resets, or general questions, please email the VNS team at: HQ-DIV42-VSD-VNS

EFTA00038444