From: _________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Volunteer
Date: Wed, 29 Jul 2020 23:23:17 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

Friday in the Afternoon sounds great.

Take care

-

On Jul 29, 2020 7:21 PM, _________________________________________________________ &gt; wrote:
No problem! I'm free anytime tomorrow morning before 1145 and late Friday afternoon after 2pm. And free to chat anytime early next week as of right now. Let me know what's convenient for you.

Thanks,

From: _________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 7:04 PM
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Volunteer

I really want to help out. I would be more than happy to talk a little bit more so I can figure out a way to assist you guys and fulfill my SOG shifts. Let me know when is a good day/time to talk.

Take care,

-

On Jul 29, 2020 6:48 PM, _________________________________________________________ &gt; wrote:
Hey _________________________________________________________, thanks for being willing to help. We are looking for people to help with prepping and organizing evidence for discovery, along with assistance reviewing some items and listening to recordings. If you have time for that and are still interested, let me know. Happy to talk over the phone as well if you have questions or would like a more in depth overview.

Thanks,

Special Agent _________________________________________________________
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C: _________________________________________________________

EFTA00037972

From: _______________________________________________________________________ &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 29, 2020 3:41 PM
To: _______________________________________________________________________ &gt;
Subject: Volunteer

Good afternoon SA Young,

I'm interested in assisting with this ongoing investigation. At the time I'm part of SOG but wanted to know how I could assist you and the squad.

Respectfully,

SA _______________________________________________________________________
SO-4

-All-

Squad C-20 (VCAC/HT) is looking for assistance related to the ongoing Epstein/Maxwell investigation. This is a unique opportunity to assist with a high profile case.

If you are available, please contact SA _______________________________________________________________________. (she is cc'd).

EFTA00037973