EFTA00038986

From: _______________________________________________________________________

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Cc: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - NTOC2023 - ETIP - Allegations of Murder of Jeffrey Epstein in __________, __________ (NY)

Date: Thu, 23 Feb 2023 03:33:36 +0000

Importance: Normal

Special Agent _______________________________________________________________________

I am a Threat Intake Examiner (TIE) at the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) Unit where we receive information from the public regarding criminal activity and threats to national security. The following information is being forwarded for your situational awareness and any action deemed appropriate.

On 02/22/2023, at 6:24 p.m. Eastern Time, Mark Epstein, date of birth __________, cellular telephone number __________, email account __________, residential address __________, Internet Protocol (IP) address __________, which resolves to __________, submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tips.fbi.gov, regarding allegations of murder of Jeffrey Epstein in __________, __________.

Date Submitted: 02/22/2023 06:24:42 PM EST

Transaction Number: __________

Violation: Other

Emergency: False

Threat To Life: False

Submitted Text:

Jeffrey Epstein was murdered in his jail cell. I have reason to believe he was killed because he was about to name names. I believe President Trump authorized is murder.

Violation Questions

What was the exact crime that occurred?: murder

When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): august 9 2019

Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): FCC Manhattan

Subject Information

First Name: _______________________________________________________________________

Middle Name: _______________________________________________________________________

Last Name: _______________________________________________________________________

DOB:

Phone Type: Other

International: False

Phone Number:

Phone Ext:

Additional Info: feel free to contact me

How is Contact Known: obvious

Victim Information

First Name: jeffrey

Middle Name:

Last Name: epstein (deceased)

DOB: 1/20/1953

Phone Type: Other

International: False

Phone Number:

Phone Ext:

Type: Other

Address: deceased

City: deceased

State:

Zip: 33365

Additional Info:

Complainant Information

First Name: mark

Middle Name:

Last Name: epstein

DOB:

Phone Type: Cell

International: False

EFTA00038987

Phone Number: [REDACTED]

Phone Ext: na

Email: [REDACTED]

Type: Residential

Address: [REDACTED]

City: [REDACTED]

State: [REDACTED]

Zip: [REDACTED]

Additional Info:

Submitter IP Address: [REDACTED]

Remote Host: [REDACTED]

Http Referrer: https://www.justice.gov/

[REDACTED]

Latitude: [REDACTED]

Longitude: [REDACTED]

Country: US

Region: [REDACTED]

City: [REDACTED]

Postal Code: [REDACTED]

Timezone: -05:00

Please advise an NTOC SSA if you need further assistance concerning this matter via telephone at [REDACTED] or via email at [REDACTED]. A Guardian containing this information can be drafted by the FBI NTOC upon request of the New York Division.

Sincerely,

NTOC

EFTA00038988