From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: RE: Subject possibly flying into Teterboro

Date: Fri, 05 Jul 2019 17:10:55 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: 19_Cr_490_Epstein_Arrest_Warrant_(002).pdf

Hi all,

We received a hit notification that our sub will be landing at Teterboro at 1720 tomorrow, 7/6/2019. I've attached a copy of the arrest warrant. Identifiers are below.

Sub: Jeffrey Epstein

DOB: 1/20/1953

Tail #: N212JE

Thank you for your assistance with this. Please let me know if there is anything else you'd need. We'd like to plan to meet at Teterboro around 3:30pm to be there early in case of an earlier landing.

Thanks again,

SA

FBI New York

VCAC/Human Trafficking

C: _______________________________

From: _______________________________ [mailto: _______________________________]

Sent: Monday, July 01, 2019 11:28 AM

To: _______________________________;

Cc: _______________________________&gt;

Subject: RE: Subject possibly flying into Teterboro

Good morning all,

Please let me know as soon as you're aware of his pending arrival/departure from Teterboro. In dealing with private/charter aircraft notifications, our systems don't always identify a specific subject correctly.

My pleasure,

From: _______________________________

Sent: Monday, July 1, 2019 11:18 AM

To: _______________________________;

Cc: _______________________________&gt;

Subject: Re: Subject possibly flying into Teterboro

EFTA00038049

Hey and

Allow me to electronically introduce you to of FBI-NY (contact info below). Please see her below email. If this turns out to be an International flight, as is anticipated, this will technically be an arrest made by CBP, who will TOT FBI, and your role will largely be to coordinate and facilitate.

Thanks in advance,

P.S. I have also taking the liberty of cc'ing CBP TFO who is assigned to our VCMO squad. , whatever assistance you can land is greatly appreciated, as always.

On Jul 1, 2019 11:09 AM, " wrote:

Hi

It was good to chat with you on the phone. Just wanted to give you a quick overview. We are looking to indict our subject possibly tomorrow. He has his own plane and is a frequent flier out of Teterboro. Ideally we would like to pick him up when he arrives. We usually will get approximately 24 hours' notice when he flies back into the country. In the event that happens, I just want to do whatever coordination necessary to ensure his arrest goes as smooth as possible. We have his identifiers to include tail number. Please let me know what information you will need and I'm happy to provide it.

Thanks for your help!

SA
FBI New York
VCAC/Human Trafficking
O:
C:

EFTA00038050