From: _____________________________________________________________
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Epstein again
Date: Mon, 05 Oct 2020 14:05:09 +0000
Importance: Normal

Good morning _____________________________________________________________

My name is _____________________________________________________________. I recently transferred from NY to Boston. In NY I was on CD-10, and spoke with _____________________________________________________________ on one occasion. He sent me this email Saturday. I didn't want to cold call you, but I'm available pretty much all day today if you'd like to speak about him.

My desk is _____________________________________________________________. Cell is _____________________________________________________________, but I'm in the scif, so desk is best.

Thanks,

Special Agent
FBI – Boston

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Saturday, October 3, 2020 9:24 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Epstein again

Yesterday Capucci reposted the Epstein interview I did from May:

In May, Prof Alan Dershowitz told me that he was calling on Harvard to further investigate him, so that he would be exonerated completely of any wrongdoing in connection with Epstein. In a follow-up to the letter to President Bacow at Harvard, I asked his office recently whether they have any status update on that investigation Prof Dershowitz mentioned to me. It's a good question.

You may have seen that Scott Bergerson (Ghislaine Maxwell's reputed husband) resigned from his tech startup. That leads me to believe the Maxwell deposition is likely to be unsealed. It will be interesting to see what's in there--among other things, perhaps more insight into the activities of various faculty members and administrators at MIT and Harvard. We'll see.

If you wouldn't mind, do tell any of your colleagues who may be interested in the interview about it.

EFTA00038124

Thanks,

Old Member, Christ Church, Oxford
In the Spirit (John Hunt Publishing, in preparation)
Before God: Exercises in Subjectivity (Rowman &amp; Littlefield, 2020)
Phenomenology in France (Routledge, 2019)
3:16 Interview with
"Being Oneself: Husserl and Henry on Self-Consciousness" in Sabah Ülkesi

EFTA00038125