From:
To:

Subject: Fwd: Epstein / Maxwell Case...
Date: Fri, 17 Jul 2020 15:02:51 +0000
Importance: Normal

Received. Thank you

On Jul 17, 2020 9:59 AM, &gt; wrote:
Another one that might be a tad off.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: July 17, 2020 at 8:22:19 AM EDT
To:
Subject: Re: Epstein / Maxwell Case...

Hello again,

I just wanted to reach out to see if I should still expect someone to contact me. I know it's only been a few days since you've last contacted me but I've started to have second thoughts and I'm getting paranoid about my safety. I'm sure it's just in my head but I've been targeted by him in the past so it wouldn't be that far fetched. I know he's dead but i didn't realize how far stretching this was until after I reached out. I just don't want to chicken out.

I've seen on tv that others have come forward and I know the attorneys are busy. So I'm not even sure if they'll want to speak with me or they have gathered enough from the others. As I mentioned, this whole thing gives me a paralyzing amount of anxiety and fear... so I figured I'd email you to see if you can provide me with more information.

If they don't plan on contacting me, I can go back to pretending this all never happened. If they do, I've thought about it and I'm willing to speak with them using whatever communication method is the safest.

Thanks,

On Jul 13, 2020 at 2:29 PM, &lt; wrote:
Thank you.

EFTA00037994

On Jul 13, 2020 at 2:22 PM, &lt; &gt; wrote:

I believe an FBI agent will email you in the near future.

From: &gt;
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:41 PM
To: &gt;
Subject: Re: Epstein / Maxwell Case...

Thank you. Will someone contact me? As you can imagine, this topic gives me a lot of anxiety and one way that I’ve learned to cope with it is to have an idea of what to expect so that I can properly prepare myself mentally / emotionally.

I don’t want anything but I would help if I can.

On Jul 13, 2020 at 1:24 PM, &lt; &gt; wrote:

Ms. &lt;&gt;

Thank you for your email. I know it must have been very difficult for you to write. We appreciate the information.

I have forwarded your email with the Assistant United States Attorney’s that have been working on the Epstein/Maxwell case.

If I can be of any assistance to you going forward please email me.

Victim Witness Coordinator
United States Attorney’s Office
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrews Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel. &lt;&gt;

From: &gt;
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM
To: &gt;
Subject: Epstein / Maxwell Case...

Hello,

I’ve debated whether to send this email a thousand times. In fact, I’ve written it numerous times. Hopefully I will be brave enough to send it this time.

My name is &gt;&gt;. I was sexually assaulted when I was barely 18 years old in a NYC restaurant / club. At the time, I was too scared and confused and... well traumatized to do anything about it.

EFTA00037995

My life pretty much crumbled after that. And by the time I pulled myself together, it was too late to do anything about it... Or at least I felt it was. I had done such a good job, eradicating anything associated with that part of my life and scrubbing my mind of the memories that I no longer remembered the details like the name of the girl that invited me along and introduced me to the person who assaulted me as well as the name or location of the venue. So I did nothing...

A few months ago, I saw Epstein's face on the news and I put everything altogether... I was sexually assaulted by Jeffery Epstein.

He's dead now... so I'm not really sure why I'm emailing or even bringing it up now but I just felt like I should let someone know. If I can be of help in anyway, I'd like to be. However, I don't really have proof and I can't really offer anything as far as Maxwell's case goes. She could have been there as well as I do remember there being a "woman" there along with numerous other "girls". I remember making a mental note to myself how it was weird that there that I was probably the oldest one out of the girls that were there except for the one woman that was sitting with the other men.

Anyway, for now, I'd prefer to talk via email but if it makes sense, I'd be okay chatting with you in the future if you think it makes sense. Again, I'm not sure if I can be of any help or if it even makes sense to reach out anymore... but I just felt like I'd never forgive myself if I stayed silent again this time.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

EFTA00037996