Re: Video Interview

From:
To:
Cc:
Date: Tue, 19 Jan 2021 15:24:03 -0500

Hi

Again I'm sorry to hear about your family issues. We also totally understand the need to want to do this in the safest possible way. Unfortunately you are an important witness to this investigation and it is becoming time sensitive. That being said we're going to issue you the attached Grand Jury Subpoena. In lieu of appearing in New York on the listed time and date we will still be ok with you blocking off a few hours to speak with us over video conference. Also attached to the subpoena you will see your

On Jan 14, 2021, at 08:50, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

Hi

Doesn't look like the 26th will work - still having a lot of family issues. Having access to a computer/video in a private area is also an issue. It might be better to wait until I can meet with you all in person. Hopefully, the vaccine will be widely available soon.

Stay safe and healthy,

From: [redacted], [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; Sent: Tuesday, January 5, 2021 10:27:31 AM
To: [redacted], [redacted] [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; Cc: [redacted], [redacted] N. (NY) (FBI) &lt;[redacted] &gt; Subject: Re: Video Interview

Hi

So sorry to hear about your cousin. This interview can certainly wait until the last week of January. Take this time to be with her and enjoy your vacation.

Let's schedule a date for that week and I'll send out a calendar invite. How's Tuesday the 26th in the afternoon work for you? Feel free to throw out another day or time if that's no good. As of now we are mostly available that week.

On Jan 5, 2021, at 10:04, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hi

I'm on vacation with my husband now, and think in the next couple of weeks it will be a problem because my first cousin (who is like a sister) is in hospice. So sad as

EFTA00038769

she is so 😊

The last week of January should be fine. Do you have time then?
Thanks, 😊

From: 😊, 😊 &lt;😊 &gt;
Sent: Monday, January 4, 2021 6:30:14 PM
To: 😊 &lt;😊 &gt;
Cc: 😊, 😊 N. (NY) (FBI) &lt;😊 &gt;
Subject: Re: Video Interview

I'm sorry to hear you had to cancel tomorrow's interview. Is there any day in the next couple of days/weeks that work for you to reschedule? We are able to be available for most all of this week and next week if you want to let us know what day/days work best.

Thanks again,

Detective 😊
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: 😊
From: 😊
Sent: Tuesday, December 8, 2020 12:04 PM
To: 😊 &lt;😊 &gt;
Cc: 😊 N. (NY) (FBI) &lt;😊 &gt;
Subject: Video Interview

Thanks for calling be back today. I've CC'd my partner in this investigation FBI Special Agent 😊. Looking at the calendar it looks like Tuesday January 5th is a good day to aim for. Lets try for 1PM. I will have the prosecutors send out a calendar invite shortly for that time and date, and if we need to change as we get closer please let us know.

Thanks you again,

Detective 😊
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: 😊

EFTA00038770