From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: C-20 Request for assistance

Date: Tue, 20 Oct 2020 00:03:28 +0000

Importance: Normal

Hi , I will send it out to see if someone is available

On Oct 19, 2020 6:18 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Hi

This has been scheduled and rescheduled multiple times due to the availability of defense counsel. It has now been scheduled for Maxwell and her attorneys to review discovery items this Friday, 10/23/2020. is still available to assist but is unavailable. Would you mind canvassing for one agent to assist for Friday from 8am - 3p at the MDC?

Thank you!

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking

C:

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, October 1, 2020 9:24 AM

To: (SI) (FBI) &lt; , (NY) (FBI) &lt; , (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Fwd: C-20 request for assistance next week

Hi

SA and SA can assist

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM

Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week

To: NY-NADP &lt;

Cc: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; , "(NYPD)" &lt;

All-

Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could

EFTA00038026

potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist

Thanks,

EFTA00038027