From: "/O=EXCHANGELABS/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=72708F8BC5354F44958B87907FF0BCDB- " &lt;

To: " "

Subject: Request for foreign travel IOD approval to London for Epstein investigation

Date: Tue, 10 Mar 2020 18:02:34 +0000

Importance: Normal

Can you send this request for foreign travel up the chain to the ADIC for approval? Due to travel restrictions, AD IOD has been granting approval for international travel directly to field division heads. CACHTU will support this request with funding. Summary below.

This email is to request the foreign travel to London for two agents, accompanied by SDNY AUSA's for the week of March 16th, in furtherance of the Jeffrey Epstein investigation. We expect to leave on the 17th and return on the 20th. The purpose of this trip is to interview a crucial witness in this investigation. The witness is , who could prove especially crucial since it is believed this witness was the target subject's personal assistant and was an eyewitness to the sexual abuse of a minor, therefore this witness could significantly corroborate the victim's accounts. The time and location for this interview has been arranged by the witness' attorney who has been historically difficult about changes. Both the witness and attorney reside in London and are not currently willing to travel to the US. This interview could prove to be vital to the indictment of one of Jeffrey Epstein co-conspirators.

Thank you,

Special Agent
FBI New York
VCAC/Human Trafficking

EFTA00038458