From:
To:
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Fwd: CBP witness
Date: Wed, 15 Dec 2021 15:41:54 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: GX-609.pdf; SDNY_GM_00000815-SDNY_GM_00000819.pdf

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: December 14, 2021 at 8:07:00 PM EST
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: CBP witness

Thanks, We already have a call at 10 am on the calendar. Any chance we can do 10:45 am? Attaching two documents to discuss on the call.

---Original Message---

From:
Sent: Tuesday, December 14, 2021 7:49 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: CBP witness

The name of the new CBP witness is Supervisory Customs and Border Protection Officer

Does 10 or 1030 work on your end? If so, please forward call-in information or let me know and I can send a Webex invite.

Thanks,

Senior Attorney
Office of the Associate Chief Counsel, New York U.S. Customs and Border Protection One World Trade Center, 50th Floor New York, NY 10007

OCC NE Homepage

I am currently teleworking. You may reach me by email or cell

---Original Message---

EFTA00038950

From:
Sent: Tuesday, December 14, 2021 6:52 PM
To: JUDKA, ALEXANDER L. <alexander.l.judka@cbp.dhs.gov>
Cc: [redacted]

Subject: CBP witness

CAUTION: This email originated from outside of DHS. DO NOT click links or open attachments unless you recognize and/or trust the sender. If you feel this is a suspicious-looking email, please report by using the Report Phish button option.

Hi
Thanks for chatting earlier. Can you please let us know the name of the new CBP witness and your availability to speak with us tomorrow morning/early afternoon?

Thanks!

EFTA00038951</alexander.l.judka@cbp.dhs.gov>