From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: Fwd: RE: FBI Victim Services Division Briefing for Victims of Jeffrey Epstein

Date: Wed, 02 Oct 2019 14:35:12 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: RSVP_Questionnaire.docx

See below

---

Forwarded message

From: VictimServices <victimservices@fbi.gov>

Date: Oct 2, 2019 10:26 AM

Subject: RE: FBI Victim Services Division Briefing for Victims of Jeffrey Epstein

To:

Cc:

Good Morning,

Thank you for your response.

If you live farther than 50 miles from your selected location, your transportation and lodging will be arranged at no cost to you. If you choose to drive to the location, mileage and parking can be reimbursed. As the briefing will be held in a federal building, we are requesting some personal information needed to meet security requirements. Please complete and return the attached 'RSVP Questionnaire' so we can better assist you.

Respectfully,

FBI Victim Services Division

From: [mailto: ]

Sent: Tuesday, October 01, 2019 9:13 PM

To: VictimServices <victimservices@fbi.gov>

Subject: Re: FBI Victim Services Division Briefing for Victims of Jeffrey Epstein

I should be able to make it.

I will be coming with another victim

Miami location

Thanks!

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 27, 2019, at 5:12 PM, VictimServices <victimservices@fbi.gov> wrote:

EFTA00038014</victimservices@fbi.gov></victimservices@fbi.gov>

<image002.jpg>

Federal Bureau of Investigation

Victim Assistance Program

New York Division

September 27, 2019

RE: Case Number: NY-3027571

Dear [redacted].

The FBI Victim Services Division invites you to attend a meeting with FBI Victim Services representatives and members of the FBI NY Field Office and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York to learn more about the victim services that may be available to you. While we will not be able to provide specific details about the active investigation, we will provide you with information about the types of services we can provide and that you are entitled to, and Victim Specialists will be on site to try to address any specific questions you may have.

These meetings will be held in two different locations, New York and Florida. Please choose which meeting you prefer to attend:

Date: October 15, 2019

Time: 10:00 AM

Location: 2030 SW 145th Avenue, Miramar, FL 33027

Date: October 23, 2019

Time: 10:00 AM

Location: 290 Broadway, New York, NY 10007

Participation is limited to you and one support person. If you are interested in attending, please respond by October 4, 2019 to VictimServices@fbi.gov with your name, and if you choose, the name of one support person who will accompany you, as well as the meeting location you wish to attend. We will follow up with additional information to finalize your attendance.

Thank you,

FBI Victim Services Division

EFTA00038015