Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

Good evening,

Your EAN Request has been approved. Please use EAN 579119.1; Program: RI; Subprogram: RI.

Good luck and stay safe.

Best,

From:
Sent: Monday, March 08, 2021 2:29 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Request Travel Approval for Maxwell --- UNCLASSIFIED

Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

Approved

From:
Sent: Monday, March 08, 2021 2:01 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Request Travel Approval for Maxwell --- UNCLASSIFIED

Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

Hey Boss,

For your approval regarding EAN request for operational travel for NYFO on the Epstein/Maxwell investigation.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Best,

From:
Sent: Monday, March 08, 2021 1:52 PM
To:
Subject: Request Travel Approval for Maxwell --- UNCLASSIFIED

Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

TRANSITORY RECORD

EFTA00038611

Hi

Below is a request for travel approval.

## EAN Request Form

## HQ Approval:

EAN: Program/Subprogram:

Date of Request: 3/8/2021

Field Office/Task Force: NYO/C20

PCOR/TF Supervisor: SSA

Case #: 50D-NY-3027571

Projected Date(s) of Travel (Provide justification if extended travel): 3/17/2021-3/19/2021

Where traveling: Durango, CO

Case Summary:

FBI New York, in coordination with the Southern District of New York's United States Attorney's Office, has been investigating the sexual exploitation and abuse of minors committed by JEFFREY EPSTEIN and his co-conspirators. EPSTEIN was charged and arrested with sex trafficking and conspiracy in July 2019. In addition to EPSTEIN, co-conspirators have also been investigated, including GHISLAINE MAXWELL. MAXWELL assisted, facilitated, and contributed to EPSTEIN's abuse of minors by recruiting, grooming, and abusing minors they knew to be under the age of 18. MAXWELL was charged and arrested in July 2020 with enticement of a minor, transportation of a minor, conspiracy to entice a minor, conspiracy to transport a minor, and perjury.

Purpose of Travel (victim interview(s); witness interview(s); search warrant; arrest warrant; etc.):

We will be meeting with a victim and to conduct an interview pertaining to her abuse by EPSTEIN and MAXWELL. Victim has been interviewed over video conference in the past but we hope to conduct a more in depth interview in person as she may be chosen as a trial witness against MAXWELL.

Has a CAFI been consulted if interviewing minor(s)? If no, explain? N/A

Name(s) of Personnel Traveling (If requesting more than one Agent/TFO from the field office, please provide justification. ex: pending state charges; multiple victims; rapport with victim(s)/witness(es); etc.):

SA &amp; TFO are expecting to interview a victim over a 1-2 day period. Due to the likelihood of a possible superseding indictment and eventual trial and the rapport we have developed with this witness, both case agents are requesting permission to travel. Victim has previously met with FBI victim specialist and it has been determined that she will benefit more from an in-person interview.

## Estimated Expenses:

Airfare: $639.40 (2=$1278.80)

M&amp;IE: $177.50 (2=$355)

Lodging: $102 night/ 2 nights (plus tax) = $225.22 (2=$450.44)

Rental car: $174.70

Parking: $250

Baggage: $120

Total Estimated Expenses: $ 2628.94

EFTA00038612

EFTA00038613

Thanks,

NYPD/FBI-New York, C-20
Cell:
Desk:

==================================================
Classification: UNCLASSIFIED
==================================================
Classification: UNCLASSIFIED
==================================================
Classification: UNCLASSIFIED
==================================================