To: [REDACTED] (NY) (CON)"

Cc:

Subject: Re: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Date: Tue, 01 Dec 2020 14:19:50 +0000

Importance: Normal

On Aug 8, 2019 10:59 AM, [REDACTED] (NY) (CON) [REDACTED] wrote:

PS:

Re: Search Warrant

If you know the date(s) of travel (to Little St James), please let me know asap, so I can get necessary approvals to travel.

Are you guys bringing cameras?

I will need to inventory and photograph any assets of value, especially if the assets were used to facilitate the violations.

Squad C-40 (FAST)

Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)

(o)

(c)

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (CON)

Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 9:13:52 AM

To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)

Subject: Re: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Hi

If you look at the Quitclaim Deed dated 12/23/2011, see the below paragraph. The "Grantor" in 2011 is L.S.J LLC (Epstein).

I could not pull the 1998 Deed on line, but clearly, L.S.J LLC (Grantor) first received the title on 04/27/1998.

EFTA00038139

Squad C-40 (FAST)
Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)
(o)
(c)

From (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 3:45:55 PM
To (NY) (CON)
Subject: RE: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Hey

Are you able to pull the deed from the time period 2002-2005?

From (NY) (CON)
Sent: Wednesday, August 07, 2019 9:51 AM
To (USANYS) (NY) (FBI)
Subject: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Attached is Last Deed of Record for Little St James Island, dated 12/23/2011, from L.S.J. LLC to Nautilus Inc.

The sole beneficial owner and President of Nautilus Inc is Jeffrey E. Epstein.

Squad C-40 (FAST) Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)
(o)
(c)

EFTA00038140