From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (SI) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: C-20 request for assistance next week
Date: Mon, 05 Oct 2020 19:19:21 +0000
Importance: Normal

Copy thank you

Special Agent
FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 5, 2020 3:11 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Hey and

Thanks for being willing to help out. I am still waiting on confirmation on which day defense and MDC are able to schedule. Hopefully will have a better idea today.

Thanks,

Special Agent
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C:

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Thursday, October 1, 2020 1:25 PM
To: (SI) (FBI) &lt; &gt;, (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Subject: Fwd: C-20 request for assistance next week

Hi

Please let us know which day next week you need us to be available.

Best,

Special Agent
FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 1, 2020 9:23 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Hi

EFTA00038105

SA Conroy and SA can assist

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From:  (NY) (FBI)"  &lt;

Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM

Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week

To: NY-NADP &lt;

Cc:  (NY) (FBI)"  &lt;  ,  (NYPD)"  &lt;

All-

Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist

Thanks,

EFTA00038106