From:
To:

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Additional Potential Victim for Case NY-3027571
Date: Tue, 22 Oct 2024 15:27:46 +0000
Importance: Normal

Special Agent [redacted].

I am a Threat Intake Examiner (TIE) at the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) Unit where we receive information from the public regarding criminal activity and threats to national security. The following information is being forwarded for your situational awareness and any action deemed appropriate.

On 10/22/2024, at 7:54 a.m. Eastern Time, [redacted], date of birth [redacted], telephone number [redacted], account, address [redacted], called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to reporting allegation of being a victim of human trafficking involving Jeffrey Epstein.

[redacted] provided the following information:

**Synopsis:**

[redacted] ( [redacted]) is reporting that she being human trafficking. It started when she was five years old when she was taken from an apartment she was living in and cut in the throat. At seven years old she was moved to Fresno, CA and was taken again when she was 12-13 years old. During that time [redacted] reported she was a virgin when she was taken and was brought to Paris to do it in the most "romantic" place in the world and was raped by three men. The men were a part of an organization that would take naked photos of young girls and used [redacted] photo where she flew to Ireland for politicians and notable men. They would have sex with the young women and she was taken from Ireland and brought to Jeffery Epstein Island when she was 13 years old. [redacted] reported that she was there when Prince Edward was there and when Tony Hawk got married on the island. [redacted] said the only way to get off the island was to take naked photos or pose that is why there are so many photos laying around the house. [redacted] said in one of the group photos that she is the girl in the white tank top, white purse, and is holding a water bottle. [redacted] reports that she has photos that she can prove that she was on the island and will provide them if necessary. [redacted] said that she has reported to multiple FBI offices before and they would get her information and "kick" her out. [redacted] is currently in Germany and is seeking asylum.

**Entity Information:**

Complainant Information
First Name: [redacted]
Middle Name:
Last Name: [redacted]
DOB: [redacted]
Phone Type: Cell
International: True
Phone Number: [redacted]
Phone Ext:
Type: Residential
Address: [redacted]
City: [redacted]
State: [redacted]
Zip: [redacted]

EFTA00038674

Subject Information

First Name: Jeffrey
Middle Name:
Last Name: Epstein
DOB:

Please advise an **NTOC SSA** if you need further assistance concerning this matter via telephone at [redacted] or via email at [redacted] reference transaction number mpvj623r. A Guardian containing this information can be drafted by the FBI NTOC upon request of the New York Field Office (NY).

Respectfully,

NTOC

EFTA00038675