Re: Video Conference

From:
To:
Date: Wed, 12 Aug 2020 18:13:20 -0400

Not a problem at all. We're wishing you guys the best. Let us know as we get closer if anything changes with that date and your schedule.

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office:
From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 12, 2020 4:53 PM
To:
Subject: Re: Video Conference

Hello
At this time I have the 24th available. However, [redacted] starts radiation next Wednesday and I will not have the upcoming schedule until then. I will stay in touch.
Best,

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 12, 2020, at 10:37 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Hello,

Hope you are feeling well. How does the afternoon of Monday 8/24 work for you for a video conference? I've spoken with our team and that seems to be the best date for us right now. If that doesn't work please let us know any other dates that may be better for you.

Thanks again,

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office:
From:
Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 5:50 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Video Conference

EFTA00038745

Hello [redacted],

Was nice speaking with you earlier and wishing you a speedy recovery from your oral surgery. I will contact the prosecutors on the case and see what everyone's availability is for the next couple of weeks and we will go from there. If you decide that you prefer to have Sigrid involved that is fine just have her reach out to either myself or the prosecutors.

Thanks again,

Detective [redacted]
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [redacted]

EFTA00038746