EFTA00038316

From: @fbi.gov&gt;
To: @fbi.gov&gt;
Cc: @fbi.gov&gt;, @fbi.gov&gt;
Subject: RE:
Date: Mon, 18 Nov 2019 19:27:43 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks for following up. I actually spoke to OVS a couple of weeks ago to make sure that her application was with the other Epstein victims; and they gave this to me.

Thanks for your help.

On Nov 18, 2019 2:19 PM @fbi.gov&gt; wrote:
Hello

Please find OVS Acceptance letter and assignment of case number. She is initially eligible for $9,9999.99 worth of counseling services paid because, on the advice of her attorney, she declined to disclose any financial information. When/If she gets to this threshold she could provide the information then for additional compensation.

Please let me know if I can be of further assistance.

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Monday, November 04, 2019 2:29 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; @fbi.gov&gt;
Cc: (DO) (FBI) &lt; @fbi.gov&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; @fbi.gov&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; @fbi.gov&gt;
Subject:

Apologies for the confusion, I was asked to complete the application with if there was specific language that needed to go in, I'm sure I could have done that if provided with the language.

If there is a glitch, I'm sure it could be recovered especially if we keep the lines of communication open.

Wishing you all well.

On Nov 4, 2019 2:24 PM, @fbi.gov&gt; wrote:
- thanks for the quick response but as I told you previously all of the ovs forms were to be submitted together from the FBI; that was the agreement I had with them. I am confused on why you got the form completed without speaking to me. OVS asked for specific language on the form. Let's hope it goes through.

is asking for EVAF to cover the therapist today; which I am working on.

On Nov 4, 2019 2:20 PM, (NY) (FBI)" @fbi.gov&gt; wrote:
Hi

Unfortunately, this appears to be a bad case of telephone. I spoke with who only had wonderful things to say about my colleague from the state police. As you know I needed to go out unexpectedly. I discussed options with before I left and the option she chose was to meet with my colleague in the state police where she resides and do her ovs application there.

The "strange" thing that was told to was that at some point the therapist will have to attest that he/she is seeing and that it is related to her victimization. This we all know and is common. In an effort I believe to provide all possible information to advised that if her treatment was no longer related to her victimization then she could be billed for it. A therapist can theoretically state portions are victim related and some are not. Although technically true, unlikely.

My colleague is capable of submitting the application directly to ovs online and was willing to meet with right away and get it done in the most expeditious manner. The FBI form was provided by and I forwarded it to her to complete the package.

Since my colleague works for the state police she submits volumes of ovs applications and I consider her extremely knowledgeable and capable. is out this week so I can check in whether she submitted the FBI form with the application. informed me she forwarded you a copy of her ovs application via email already.

has her first appointment with a therapist today.

Let me know if I can be of further assistance.

On Nov 4, 2019 1:24 PM, (NY) (FBI)" @fbi.gov&gt; wrote:
Hey - I apologize for reaching out with you being out; but I received calls from both and her attorney regarding the ovs claim. They said that you referred her to meet with someone else who told her some strange things about the counseling reimbursement.

also told me this person is submitting the OVS claim which is needed to be submitted by me with the FBI form. Please let me know who this is so they do not submit the form.

Thanks

EFTA00038317