From:
To:

Subject: FW: Epstein/Maxwell Discovery; Email Comms 1 of 5
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2021 21:53:26 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: UHTXAJ.PDF
Embedded: mime-attachment

- VS (SE) sent individual emails...this is 1 of 5.

Thank you,

Program Manager
Victim Program Management Unit
FBI Victim Services Division
Phone:
Cell:
Email:

From: (SE) (FBI) &lt;
Sent: Monday, September 13, 2021 4:30 PM
To: (VSD) (FBI) &lt;
Subject: Epstein/Maxwell Discovery; Email Comms 1 of 5

We are having some technical difficulties in our office at present. As a result I am forwarding you each of my archived messages, either to or from victim (in temporal order). Included here is message 1 of 5.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Seattle FBI – Bellingham RA
1 cell

From: (SE) (FBI) &lt;
Sent: Monday, September 13, 2021 1:22 PM
To: (SE) (FBI) &lt;
Subject: Oct 19 2020 FW: New York Flight Itinerary &amp; Lodging Accommodations

Seattle FBI – Bellingham RA
1 cell

From: &lt;
Sent: Saturday, October 19, 2019 3:16 PM

EFTA00038634

To: [REDACTED] (SE) (FBI) <fbi@fbi.com>

Subject: Fwd: New York Flight Itinerary &amp; Lodging Accommodations

I booked a flight via Expedia from NY to [REDACTED] (it was significantly cheaper).

I prefer to leave in the late afternoon/evening.

Thanks so much!

Best,

[REDACTED]

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: VictimServices [REDACTED]
Date: October 18, 2019 at 2:11:16 PM PDT
To: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [SE] <fbi@fbi.com> <c: victimservices="" [REDACTED]="" [fbi@fbi.com="">

Subject: New York Flight Itinerary &amp; Lodging Accommodations

Good Evening,

Attached you will find your flight itinerary and lodging accommodations for your upcoming trip to New York. We did our best to accommodate your departure preferences however in some instances, flights were unavailable at your preferred time. Please let us know by tomorrow, October 19, if there are any errors on your reservation and/or if your travel plans have changed. Lodging reservations have been made under your name at the Moxy NYC Downtown. Your hotel room and taxes will be covered however any other expenses must be covered by the guest.

Please use Uber or a taxi for transport during your stay and keep all receipts for reimbursement, which can take up to four weeks. If you are unable to pay for these expenses out of pocket, please email us back so we can make the proper arrangements for you. We will only cover transportation costs to and from the airport and hotel as well as to and from the field office for the meeting.

JFK:
JFK International Airport
Jamaica, NY 11430

Hotel:
26 Ann Street
New York, NY 10038

FBI New York Field Office:
290 Broadway
New York, NY 10007

Thank you,
Victim Services Division

EFTA00038635</c:></fbi@fbi.com></fbi@fbi.com>