From: ___________________________________________________________
To: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: Epstein/Maxwell Discovery; __________ Email Comms 2 of 5
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2021 21:54:29 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: Victim_Reimbursement_Form-Blank.docx; Victim_Reimbursement_Form-Fillable.docx

VS __________ (SE) 2 of 5 emails.

Thanks
________________________________________________________

Program Manager
Victim Program Management Unit
FBI Victim Services Division
Phone: __________
Cell: __________
Email: __________

From: __________ (SE) (FBI) &lt;____________________
Sent: Monday, September 13, 2021 4:32 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Epstein/Maxwell Discovery; __________ Email Comms 2 of 5

 __________ Ph.D.
Seattle FBI – Bellingham RA
_________________________ cell

From: __________ (SE) (FBI) &lt;____________________
Sent: Monday, September 13, 2021 1:21 PM
To: __________ (SE) (FBI) &lt;____________________
Subject: Oct 21 2020 FW: Updated Itinerary

 __________ Ph.D.
Seattle FBI – Bellingham RA
_________________________ cell

From: __________ (SE) (FBI)
Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 6:18 PM
To: __________ &lt;____________________
Cc: VictimServices &lt;____________________
Subject: Updated Itinerary

______ --

EFTA00038643

Here's what I received from my HQ folks and was asked to pass along. If you have any questions let me know, otherwise see you on Wednesday!

Your flight itinerary has been updated to reflect the cancellation of your trip back to Bellingham. Your record locator number remained the same but will now illustrate only your tip to NY. Please be aware that lodging and additional expenses beyond your original departure (10/24/19) will be your responsibility. Also, you can be reimbursed for the flight you purchased by filling out either of the attached reimbursement forms and including your receipt from the airline/website you purchased the ticket from; credit card statements will not be accepted.

Safe travels and we look forward to seeing you.

[Redacted] Ph.D.
FBI
Seattle Division
Bellingham Resident Agency
[Redacted] mobile

EFTA00038644