EFTA00038592

From: " , " &lt;

To: " ) &lt;

Cc:

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Re: Maxwell Finances

Date: Wed, 09 Dec 2020 18:30:48 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: Cohen_and_Gresser_Page_9_Schedule_Analysis_12-9-2020.pdf

Please refer to this spreadsheet that [ ] recreated for the phone call.

Detective [ ]
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: [ ]
Cell: [ ]
Fax: [ ]

From: [ ], [ ]
Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 12:57 PM
To: [ ] &lt; [ ]
Cc: [ ]
Subject: Re: Maxwell Finances

2 is good for all of us yes.

On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:44, [ ] &lt; [ ] &gt; wrote:

Hey [ ],

All of us are free at 2pm. Would that work for [ ]?

If so, we can use the below dial-in:
Dial-in: [ ]
Code: 707522

Thanks,

On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:37 PM, [ ] &gt; wrote:

Works for me, thanks.

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, December 09, 2020 12:32 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Maxwell Finances

Thanks very much, ☐. I'm available for the next hour. ☐, you want to jump on a call with ☐? I can circulate a dial-in if so.

On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:16 PM, ☐ &lt;_________________________&gt; wrote:

Hey guys,

We spoke with ☐ briefly this morning about his review of the recent bail submission and he would like to set up a time to speak with you guys about it. We are all free to chat for about the next 2 hours if you would like to chat over phone or video conference. You guys are also welcome to come hop into a conference room at our office to discuss. If today doesn't work we can try and set something up for tomorrow or sometime Friday.

- ☐

Detective ☐
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: ☐
Cell: ☐
Fax: ☐

EFTA00038593