From:
To:
Subject: 皖擔↓佃福臨久鏤鉢,敍晦敲?遜迷援↓
Date: Mon, 25 Nov 2019 22:30:59 +0000
Importance: Normal

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: November 21, 2019 at 5:59:13 AM MST
To:
Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Jeffrey Epstein
Reply-To:

Edward,

This is sensitive, so it will be the first and last email depending on your discretion. You can choose to take it or trash it but this comes from a person that has been there and seen it all, as a former staff at the Zorro.

The material below was taken from Jeffrey Epstein home as my insurance in case of future litigation against Epstein. SORRY NO QUESTIONS.

What is damning about Jeffrey Epstein is yet to be written. Did you know

Here are the video footage of Jeffrey Epstein:

1. Link <truncated> 13min.57secs (sex video with minor)
2. Link <truncated> 27min.03secs threesomes (video)
3. Link <truncated> 12min.54secs threesomes (video)
4. Link <truncated> 19mins.22secs underage girl (sex video)
5. Link <truncated> 7mins.31secs underage girl video)
6. Link <truncated> 23mins.48secs underage girl (rape fantasy video)
7. Link <truncated> 15mins.19secs Girl Madam G (audio)

Please arrange for 1 bitcoin (btc) by 6pm EDT today, Thursday 11.22.19 to the btc wallet address:

The USB will be sent anonymously to your attention by overnight courier upon receipt of the funds. You have my assurance this is exclusive, never shared before. No attorneys. No samples. No questions please. Confirm asap.

EFTA00038382</truncated></truncated></truncated></truncated></truncated></truncated></truncated>

Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email.

EFTA00038383