From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Fw: Epstein case
Date: Wed, 21 Oct 2020 16:54:49 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

Do we recognize any of these names?

Detective _______________________________________________________________
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
_________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________

From: _______________________________________________________________ "
Sent: Wednesday, October 21, 2020 11:53 AM
To: _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: Epstein case

Hi ________________________________________________________________

We have had some nonsensical Cybertipline reports for this case that have not been something that we thought to forward you; however, today one of my analysts is working on a CT that she feels may want to be looked at.

I wanted to check with you to see if you want it before I have her forward it to you. The analyst listened to the phone call to our call center, and she said that the woman sounds normal and organized in her thoughts, but who really knows _______________________________________________________________.

She has named a few other people in the tip. I wanted to pass these names by you before my analyst does any searches on them to see if you think it is necessary. I don't want to waste a lot of time on this if she just watched the Netflix series, and had a dream.. ugh

The Reporting Party (RP) is _______________________________________________________________.

These are the people she is mentioning in the report:

_________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________

Just let me know how you want us to handle.

I hope all is well with you!

Supervisor, Child Sex Trafficking Team
National Center for Missing &amp; Exploited Children

EFTA00038256

http://www.rockonesock.org/sig/N CMEC_email_signature.png

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE--This e-mail is intended for the sole use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and sensitive material. This message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, distribution or copying of this communication by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an intended recipient and received this communication in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this message and any attachments. Thank you.

EFTA00038257