From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: following up
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2019 20:13:03 +0000
Importance: Normal

See below...

From:
Sent: Monday, September 23, 2019 3:17 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: following up

Hi

A few small follow-up items:

- For the trip to , I'm going to confirm our meeting with at 9:30 on October 11th in , but let me know before I do if there are any issues with that timing.
That should be fine for me. She is the only interview? I just need to get back to NYC that night; so 9:30 interview should be good.

- For the photo(s) of that were seized during search warrants, could you please pull them from evidence to check if there are dates on the photos?
Yes we can pull them. May take a few days to pull out of storage. Will let you know.

- I think you mentioned an analyst was looking at flight records. If it would be possible to get a summary analysis of Maxwell's flights, as well as (noting any overlap), that would be great. If possible, it would be great to have a rough summary sometime in the next week or so, but let us know what timeline is feasible.
I've asked to help with this. We will take a look at this and see the overlap. Keep in mind this is only international flights. Manifests that we may have from the previous case for Epstein's flights may not go back to the 90's. Make take a few days to pull; but we will let you know when we have it.

- On VNS stuff, could you please double check that are all in VNS?
They should all be in minus , but I will double check on all to make sure.

- FYI, we've reached out to , who told us he would send us the emails mentioned. We'll pass those along when we get them.
That's great. Thank you.

- We'll add you to the calendar invitation for the meeting with attorney, whenever that is rescheduled. Our meeting with attorneys is scheduled for October 8th at 10 a.m., and you're welcome to join us for that.
Thank you; that would be great. I'd be interested in hearing what they have to say.

Thanks!

EFTA00038190

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFT A00038191