EffA00037809

From:
Subject: Re: Little St James
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 23:04:17 +0000
Importance: Normal

This is what [redacted] sent me.

One of the old workers from JEs island just hit me up a few minutes ago and said Bluebeach, (Old life guard stand) on the island should hold some financial records, if it wasn't wiped. Also his office in American Yacht Harbor should have a lot of info as well. It's right there in Red hook. She also reiterated the two people who know everything are [redacted] and [redacted]. Just passing along the info. Hope everything went well.

On Aug 12, 2019 6:52 PM, " [redacted]" &gt; wrote:
[redacted] just contacted me and I sent [redacted] a text with some info. Now that JE is dead and you have raided his house she seems more willing to talk. I asked her if you guys could reach out to her and she said yes. So good to go there.

I'll hit [redacted] up and make sure but I think it should be good. If he doesn't respond right away it's probably cause he's at work. They aren't allowed to have their phones.

I'll pass along anything else I get.

Thanks,

On Aug 12, 2019, at 6:18 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Thanks [redacted], we would like to touch base with these individuals you listed. Particularly since we are on the island to meet with [redacted] and [redacted] tomorrow if we could make that happen. Since you've spoken with then is there anything we need to do to smooth it over or you think just reaching out via phone should be fine?

On Aug 12, 2019 9:34 AM, " [redacted]" &gt; wrote: Hey Guys,

Not sure if any of the information I have can be of use but I wanted to pass it along in the event that it could be.

- [redacted] – STT – worked on JEs property for a week and her Fiancé just recently quit. [redacted] Stated a female named “ [redacted]” knows all JEs secrets. JE also gave his pilots apartments on STT (Location unknown) but near the airport under one of his companies' names.
- [redacted] works for Air Traffic Control in [redacted]. Worked as ATC for STT from about March 2018 – April 2019. Stated she has seen JE with underage girls getting off his jet and then flying them via his helicopter to his island during time frame she worked there. [redacted] Maybe she saw other people?
- [redacted] ATC on STT – stated similar things as [redacted] above.

can find you more people who used to / still work on the island. Remember that these people all signed the 1 million dollar Non-disclosure agreement (NDA) and prior to JEs death were petrified to talk with us. Maybe that has changed.

Again, I was investigating his international travel. The responses from other countries stated he was traveling with people on his jet but I did not receive their identities. We had the MLAT requests ready to send this week but then Saturday happened. On March 22, 2019 Austria did confirm that JE landed with 3 females, had coffee at The Coffee House Landmann, then got back on his Jet and left. It is possible to get the identities of these people through the MLAT request. If you want any of the other countries, let me know and I can send you the dates and places.

Any questions give me a shout.

Good luck with everything,

Senior Inspector
United States Marshal Service
IOD-Sex Offender investigations Branch
Florida/Caribbean Region

From:
Sent: Friday, August 9, 2019 10:39 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Little St James

please contact the case agent re: the possibility of you participating in the search.

On Aug 8, 2019 3:27 PM, "  &gt; wrote:

Good afternoon,

You can contact me at the number below.

Thanks,

Senior Inspector
United States Marshal Service
IOD-Sex Offender investigations Branch
Florida/Caribbean Region

From:
Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 3:24 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Little St James

EFTA00037810

Good afternoon ☐

As you know the USMS investigates 18 USC 2250 charges in conjunction with the states/territories and tribes. We are completely reliant on the states/territories/tribes being compliant with sex offender registration requirements under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA). To my knowledge the USMS has not been with the territorial authorities when/if they have conducted compliance checks on EPSTEIN. To better answer the question I will have the District’s Sex Offender Investigator [redacted] reach out to you directly. I have also cc’d the former SOI [redacted] who may have information as well. If you have any further questions, feel free to let me know.

Chief Deputy
District of the Virgin Islands

From: [redacted]
Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 2:53 PM
To: [redacted]
Subject: Little St James

Afternoon guys. Who of you guys has the most knowledge of Little St James?
Have you done periodic checks on Epstein there?

EFTA00037811