Fwd: I'm sorry this took so long, please let me know if you need anything else.

Mon 7/29/2019 11:57 AM

To: Ben Nivens

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---

From:  | Date: 7/29/19 5:34 AM (GMT-06:00) |
| --- |
| To:

|  Subject: I'm sorry this took so long, please let me know if you need anything else.  |
| --- | |

- Note: the following information is necessary to evaluate human trafficking situations for potential rescue- which is part of our primary mission at Hope for Justice. We do not attempt to work cases that do not fit the Human Trafficking criteria of compelling someone to work; or, to engage in a commercial sex act through force, fraud or coercion. We work cases and turn them over to law enforcement and to prosecuting attorneys after we have gathered enough evidence to justify an arrest of the trafficker. Evidence is key, without corroboration of statements, cases cannot be prosecuted.

## Preliminary Questions:

1. This question should be answered in detail by you: Were you trafficked by fraud, force, or coercion? Please explain in detail how the trafficking began and ended.

Please take your time and answer using dates, places, others involved to the best of your recollection. If you cannot recall or do not wish to provide further, simply state this in the narrative. Provide any photos, emails, texts, or other digital information which involves your case.

I was born into sex trafficking. I was trafficked beginning at my earliest memory. I do not remember a time that I was not trafficked for sex. According to birth certificate from my biological parents (I do not recognize them as parents) began to sell me for sex in the town of . There were many men that were brought to their home to have sex with me. I was taken to many states in the US to sell me. I was forced by threat by , and Jeffery Epstein of being killed, bodily harm, and threats of harming other children if I did not have sex with them and any other people that they sold me to. The rape and sex trafficking with Jeffery Epstein happened year . I was about years old at

EFTA00037902