EFTA00037845

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Visit to LA to interview Epstein victims
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2019 23:17:04 +0000
Importance: Normal

Understood. No problem. Thank you again.

On Sep 11, 2019 6:14 PM, &gt; wrote:

Our soft room isn't big enough for 4 people comfortability all day. We'll find a conference room for you. As you can imagine with this case our SAC will want a brief bit of information on what you've got going. Please put that in your lead to us.

Thanks,

---Original Message---

From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 11, 2019 3:04 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Visit to LA to interview Epstein victims

Great. Thank you! We don't need to record them. It will be my partner and I, along with 2 AUSAs, so if the soft room will fit all of us that will work. We've been able to coordinate availability with the victims and it would be 10am on Wednesday and 9am to 4pm on Thursday.

Thanks again,

---Original Message---

From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 11, 2019 3:49 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Visit to LA to interview Epstein victims

Hi

We can accommodate that. When you write your concurrence to travel EC, just send in the lead that you request the assistance of LA for meeting room space. Do you need to record these interviews? We have a soft room here that you can use that has recording equipment or we can find you a conference room if you prefer. Are the interviews already pre-arranged for a set time so we can block off the rooms for you? We can arrange for you to get access to the building too so you won't have to be escorted.

Let us know what you need.

Thanks,

Violent Crimes Against Children

EFTA00037846

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Wednesday, September 11, 2019 12:12 PM

To: [REDACTED]

Cc: [REDACTED]

Subject: Visit to LA to interview Epstein victims

Hi [REDACTED].

My partner and I are traveling to California next week to interview victims for the Epstein investigation. I was hoping to ask for your assistance in using a conference room or soft room or interview room to conduct these interviews on Wednesday 9/18 and Thursday 9/19. I briefly spoke with Al and he said that you were the person to coordinate with. Would that be possible to have an available room?

Thanks for your help with this.

[REDACTED]

FBI New York
VCAC/HT

[REDACTED]