Subject: Fwd: FW: March London Travel

Date: Fri, 03 Apr 2020 15:57:48 +0000

Importance: Normal

SSA

FBI New York

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " &gt;
Date: Mar 6, 2020 5:48 AM
Subject: Fwd: FW: March London Travel
To: " &gt;
Cc:

Good morning ,

Please see email below from . Please provide additional details and move request to the red side.

Thank you,

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " &gt;
Date: Mar 5, 2020 8:50 PM
Subject: Fwd: FW: March London Travel
To: " &gt;
Cc:

Please get additional details, specifically the names of interviewees and potential targets. Send off of this to me on red side since I don't want to risk putting too much info on green.

On Mar 5, 2020 8:16 PM, " &gt; wrote:
See below...working on this tomorrow.

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " &gt;
Date: Mar 5, 2020 4:53 PM
Subject: FW: March London Travel
To: " &gt;
Cc:

See below, we need the travel for the Epstein case. Can you advise if CACHTU will cover?
Thanks,

EFTA00037438

From:
Sent: Thursday, March 05, 2020 2:59 PM
To:
Subject: March London Travel

Hey

Myself and [REDACTED] are requesting travel to London, accompanied by SDNY AUSA's for the week of March 16th. We expect to leave on the 17th and return on the 20th. The purpose of this trip is for the interview/proffer of a witness/co-conspirator of Jeffrey Epstein's. The time and location for this interview has been arranged by the witnesses attorney who has been historically been difficult about changes. Both the witness and her attorney reside in London and are not currently willing to travel to the US. This interview could prove to be vital to the indictment of another co-conspirator of Jeffrey Epstein which is expected to go to grand jury within a few weeks. This person was witness to and potentially participated in the sexual abuse of minor victims by Jeffery Epstein and his co-conspirators. For these reasons we request to travel while there is a temporary travel restrictions due to the corona virus. Below are the following expected expenses:

Airfare: $696 x 2 ($1392)
Hotel: $304 x 2 ($608)
Parking: $70 x 2 ($140)
Taxi: $100 x 2 ($200)
M&amp;IE: $651 x 2 ($1302)
Total: $4,250

Detective
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office:
Cell:
Fax:

EFTA00037439