U. S. Department of Justice

Federal Bureau of Prisons

Federal Correctional Complex

Yazoo City, Mississippi 39194

Date Here

# MEMORANDUM FOR DEPARTMENT HEAD NAME HERE

FROM: Team Leader Name Here

SUBJECT: ACA/PREA Inspection

On Date Here an ACA/PREA Safety and Sanitation Inspection was conducted for the Department/Area inspected here, by Name of Inspectors Here.

Please provide a written response to this inspection, providing corrective action for each discrepancy listed. Make sure you include work order numbers if applicable. The response should be forwarded to the [redacted], within 4 days of the date of this report.

# Strengths:

- Staff is very knowledgeable about ACA.
- There are PPE available for staff and inmates.
- Wet floor signs are placed throughout the area.
- Temperature logs for the freezers and coolers are being maintained.
- There is an emergency release devices for the coolers and freezers.

# Weakness:

- This area needs detail cleaning.
- Temperature logs are missing several days of readings.

EFTA00036921

Area of inspection and discrepancies:

Kitchen Area:

FS-117- water standing on floor with no wet floor signs posted.
Cracked overhead light in pot and pan area needs to be repaired.
The sink has cracks in the pot and pan area.
The Exit sign is not illuminated at the rear exit door.
Freezer # 1 is not functioning properly.
The floor drain near admin office leaks water on floor.
There are spider webs near the ice machine.
The doors in this area need the edges Cleaned and there is a buildup of grime.
Oven # 2 is not functioning and needs to be repaired.

Vegetable Prep Room and Butcher Shop:

There is no Anti re-start devices on the machinery (What Machinery).

Chemical Storage Room:

The eye Wash Station is missing the covers on the dispenser.
Remove Electrical box from wall- no electrical wire located in box.
The chemical inventory card for the lemon burst is not inventoried correctly. The inventory card and/or bin card needs to be updated to reflect the correct amount of lemon burst.

Bakery:

3 overhead lights not illuminated.
Hood FS-1 not functioning.

Serving Line:

*Sink located on serving line is leaking from the P-trap.
*Caps covering the Fire Suppression system are missing.

EFTA00036922

Dining Area:

There is trash and water on Dining Room floor.
Exit light is not illuminated.

Dish Room:

Coolers, Freezers, and other Units

*Cooler Ref 5-FS-M-YAZ not working.

*Grill-2-FS-M-YAZ- missing front folding cover.

Freezer FS 3 YAZ not working.

Butcher and Baker Shop:

Fire extinguisher obstructed in the Bakery shop.
One overhead light is not illuminated.
The overhead cooling unit is not functional.

Entire Food Service Area:

Ensure when inmates are mopping, Wet Floor Signs are present and inmates are using fresh, clean water and cleaning solution in the mop buckets.

EFTA00036923