EFTA00037868

From: " [REDACTED]", " (CN) (FBI)", " (NY) (FBI)", " (USA) (NYS)"  &lt;---&gt;

To: " [REDACTED]", " (NY) (FBI)", " (FBI)"  &lt;---&gt;

Subject: Re: Threat made to US citizen living in Australia

Date: Sat, 07 Sep 2019 02:57:04 +0000

Importance: Normal

Hi [REDACTED]

Queensland Police have responded to the tearline we provided and asked for additional details regarding the post.

I am aware of the original source, so understand that is problematic, but I am hoping the FBI was able to capture some of this at an unclassified level.

1. The dark net URL,
2. Screenshots, if any were taken,
3. The username of the person who made the threat,
4. The exact wording of the threat, and
5. Any relevant commentary that subsequently took place.

Thanks, [REDACTED]

Assistant Legal Attaché
US Consulate Sydney
(office)
(mobile)
(US mobile)

On Jul 28, 2019 10:17 AM, " [REDACTED]", " (CN) (FBI)", " (FBI)"  &lt;---&gt; wrote:

+ [REDACTED]

Administrative Specialist
FBI Legal Attache
Canberra, Australia &amp; Wellington, New Zealand
U.S. Cell: [REDACTED]
AUS Local: [REDACTED]
AUS Local Desk: [REDACTED]
AUS Desk from U.S.: [REDACTED]
NZ Local Desk: [REDACTED]

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Sunday, July 28, 2019 10:15 AM
To: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (CN) (FBI); [REDACTED] (CN) (FBI)
Subject: Threat made to US citizen living in Australia

My apologies for not including it in the first email. See below.

[REDACTED: 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000]

On Jul 27, 2019 5:42 PM, " [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (CN) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:
Thanks [REDACTED],
+ Crim ALAT [REDACTED]

I presume it may be helpful to know in which Australian city/state your victim currently resides.

[REDACTED]
Assistant Legal Attaché
FBI - Canberra
Desk [REDACTED]
US Cell [REDACTED]
AUS Cell [REDACTED]

On Jul 28, 2019 2:49 AM, " [REDACTED], [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:
Hello everyone,

[REDACTED] reaching out to you all in Australia because [REDACTED] currently working the Jeffrey Epstein investigation in New York and one of the identified victims in this case is living in Australia. We received information about a threat being made against her for speaking out. We have notified her through her attorney. Her name is [REDACTED], DOB [REDACTED]. She has reached out to the AFP and they've asked for confirmation about this threat. The threat was made by an anonymous individual. Information is limited at this time. We are investigating it.

I wanted you to be aware of this so you have it FYSA and to pass along confirmation to the AFP as necessary.

Please feel free to reach out with questions/concerns.

Thank you,
SA [REDACTED]

EFTA00037869

FBI New York
VCAC/Human Trafficking
C:
O:

EFT A00037870