EFTA00037849

From: " _______________ "
To: " _______________ "
Cc: _______________________________

Subject: Re: Pretrial Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 12:51:00 +0000
Importance: Normal

Special Agent _______________ can be reached at _______________. In addition to travel and passport information for the defendant, she can also provide you with information about images discovered in the defendant’s residence pursuant to a search warrant this weekend.

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 8, 2019, at 8:08 AM,
" _______________ &lt;mailto: _______________ &gt;"
____________________________
&lt;mailto: _______________ &gt;wrote:

Thank You for providing the information.

Thanks,

Pretrial Services Technician
Southern District of New York

To: _______________________________
Date: 07/08/2019 08:04AM
Cc: _______________________________

Subject: RE: Pretrial Jeffrey Epstein

Hi _______________,

EFTA00037849

The indictment is attached. We hope to have it unsealed within the next hour or so. The defendant’s date of birth is 1/20/53. The Government will be seeking detention in this case, and if you have any questions please feel free to give me a call. My cell is [redacted].

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: [redacted] <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: <mailto: ]="" <mailto:="" ^{}[]="" ^{}[]="" and="" subject:="" dea="" dea-1990="" district="" e="" et="" file="" g="" gpt="" http:="" m="" m.="" m.1990="" m.1990.="" of="" p.="" p.19="" re:="" restri="" section="" sent:="" state="" state]="" subj="" support:="" the="" to:="" under="" www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu="">

Good morning all,

I was notified that Mr. Epstein will be arriving today.

Can you please provide me with his pedigree information, a copy of the charging instrument and the estimated time of arrival he will be at Pretrial Services

Thank You,

Pretrial Services

Sent from my iPhone

[attachment "19 Cr. 490_Epstein_Sealed Indictment.pdf" removed by /NYSPT/02/USCOURTS]

EFTA00037850</mailto:>