From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " (SI) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery
Date: Thu, 15 Oct 2020 14:26:12 +0000
Importance: Normal

Great.

Are you able to stop by the C-20 area today to pick up the hard drive and laptop?

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 7:59 PM
To: (SI) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Subject: FW: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery

Thank you I appreciate it. Got the blessing to head over to MDC by 8am.

Thank you very much,

Special Agent
FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 14, 2020 5:21 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Yes that shouldn't be a problem at all. Thank you both. If that changes let me know. If you can coordinate with to pick up the drive and laptop from her, she will have it ready tomorrow.

I'll talk with our AUSA and get more details for you.

Thanks to you both!

On Oct 14, 2020 10:16 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Hi and

I'm scheduled to work an SOG shift in Brooklyn that morning, but if my team leader is fine with me taking the first eye on the target then leave to join at MDC hopefully when the meet begins, would that be ok? Our set is only 4 miles away from MDC.

Thanks,

Special Agent

EFTA00037672

FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 14, 2020 5:03 PM, " (SI) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
I am available.

On Oct 14, 2020 5:02 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 5:01 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Cc: (NYPD) &lt; &gt;
Subject: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery

Hey and

Sorry for the last minute notice and the unfortunate changing of days/week for this project. MDC has given us the go ahead to show the discovery to Maxwell on Friday. Are either/both of you available this Friday to show the discovery from 8am-3pm Friday? If you could let me know either way so I know if I need to get further assistance that would be great.

I've cc'd , who has been working this case as well since I am presently out of the country.

Please let me know as soon as you're able. If you're not available, we completely understand so no worries. Just let us know.

Thank you,

On Oct 7, 2020 5:03 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
I'm good any day if you let me know by COB Thursday. If you won't know that's fine i'll figure something out or find you a replacement.

Thanks!

Special Agent
FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 7, 2020 10:46 AM, " (SI) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
I would be available any day but Wednesday.

On Oct 7, 2020 10:35 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
So sorry. At this point I don't think so. The AUSA is still waiting for MDC to ok it.

EFTA00037673

If MDC gives the green light for next week, would the both of you be available? I understand if you are not and understand that not having something set makes it difficult.

On Oct 7, 2020 9:28 AM, " (SI) (FBI)" &gt; wrote:
Hi

Do we still anticipate this happening this week?

Thanks,

On Oct 5, 2020 3:11 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &gt; wrote:
Hey and

Thanks for being willing to help out. I am still waiting on confirmation on which day defense and MDC are able to schedule. Hopefully will have a better idea today.

Thanks,

Special Agent Young
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C:

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, October 1, 2020 1:25 PM
To: (SI) (FBI) &lt;;;&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt; Subject: Fwd: C-20 request for assistance next week

Hi

Please let us know which day next week you need us to be available.

Best,

Special Agent
FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 1, 2020 9:23 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt; wrote:
Hi

SA Conroy and SA can assist

EFTA00037674

EFTA00037675

---

**Forwarded message**

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM
Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week
To: NY-NADP &lt; &gt;
Cc: . (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " (NYPD)" &lt; &gt;
All-

Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist

Thanks,
[ ]

-