This is an attempt to collect a debt. Any information obtained will be used for that purpose.

Dear Captain [redacted],

Attached, please find a copy of Invoice No. [redacted] in the amount of $2,197.76 that was due on 07/21/2019 and is now currently passed due. As I am sure this may be an oversight. Your attention to the matter is appreciated.

If you are not the correct person who handles payments on invoices, please advise and/or respond with updated information on who handles accounts payable.

Thank you in advance,

[redacted]

This e-mail contains confidential and/or privileged information and is for the sole use of the intended recipient. It may not be disclosed to or used by anyone other than the addressee. If you are not the intended recipient, or have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and all attachments from your system.

**EXPORT WARNING:** This e-mail may contain information or attachments whose export is restricted by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR). This information or attachment(s) may not be exported, re-exported, or transferred to a foreign person or entity without the proper authorization(s) from the U.S. Government. Violations may result in civil, administrative, or criminal penalties.

This e-mail contains confidential and/or privileged information and is for the sole use of the intended recipient. It may not be disclosed to or used by anyone other than the addressee. If you are not the intended recipient, or have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and all attachments from your system.

**EXPORT WARNING:** This e-mail may contain information or attachments whose export is restricted by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR). This information or attachment(s) may not be exported, re-exported, or transferred to a foreign person or entity without the proper authorization(s) from the U.S. Government. Violations may result in civil, administrative, or criminal penalties.

EFTA00036385