18:22

3 required field(s) remaining

Start

to endorse and negotiate all settlement documents, including but not limited to settlement checks, drafts, releases, and agreements.

## 10. AUTHORIZATION TO PRACTICE LAW

The Firm's current attorneys are currently licensed to practice law in New York, Michigan, Pennsylvania, California, Florida, and the District of Columbia. The Firm is currently registered as a business entity in New York, Pennsylvania, and Michigan.

## 11. PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY INSURANCE DISCLOSURE

The Firm currently has professional liability insurance.

## 12. CLIENT AGREEMENT REGARDING MEDIA

The Client agrees to inform the Firm if there are any media inquiries and to direct such inquiries to the Firm. The Client agrees not to speak to or otherwise communicate with the media or anyone associated with the media without first consulting with the Firm. The Client acknowledges that any publicity may have a direct negative impact on the case and that all publicity should be thoroughly discussed in advance with the Firm.

## 13. SOCIAL MEDIA AND INTERNET COMMUNICATION

The Firm hereby advises the Client that virtually all past, present, and future social media posts, messages, texts, tweets, snapshots, images, and emails (or similar transmissions) are subject to discovery and may be used against you. Privacy settings on social media accounts are irrelevant and do not protect posts, messages, texts, tweets, snapshots, images, and emails from discovery. You should not destroy, delete, or alter previous social media posts, messages, texts, tweets, snapshots, images or emails since this could be considered destruction of evidence and result in criminal and civil consequences.

&gt; Initials

## 14. CONSENT TO E-MAIL AND CLOUD SERVICES

The Firm frequently communicates and transmits documents and other materials using Internet technologies and maintains most digital data using cloud-based technologies. The Client understands that there are inherent confidentiality, security, and other risks associated with these technologies, and such information is vulnerable to unauthorized access beyond the Firm's control. The Client hereby consents to the Firm's use of such technologies and agrees to hold the Firm harmless from

AA

.na4.documents.adobe.com

C

&lt;

#

#

#

EFTA00037140