18:22

9+

3 required field(s) remaining

Start

breaches of confidentiality, security, and other such risks commonly associated with such technologies which are beyond the Firm's reasonable control.

## 15. DISCHARGE AND WITHDRAWAL

The Client may discharge the Firm at any time. The Client expressly consents to the Firm unilaterally withdrawing at any time and for any reason in accordance with attorney ethics, professional rules of conduct, and applicable laws, regulations, and policies.

Among the circumstances under which Firm may withdraw are: (a) with the consent of the Client; (b) the Client's conduct renders it unreasonably difficult for the Firm to carry out the representation effectively; and (c) the Client fails to pay Expenses as required by this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the Client's notice of discharge, and without regard to the reasons for the Firm's withdrawal or Client's discharge, the Client remains obligated to pay the Firm for Expenses incurred prior to the withdrawal or discharge and, in the event that there is any Amount Recovered after the withdrawal or discharge, the Client remains obligated to pay the Firm Attorney's Fee from the effective date of this Agreement to the date of discharge. If the Firm withdraws without cause, the Firm waives and will not be entitled to recover any Attorney's Fee.

The Client understands that this representation and the resolution of the Claims is likely to be complicated and time-consuming (including time-consuming of the Client's time). While the Firm will attempt to keep the Client apprised of material developments, the Firm cannot predict with any certainty the outcome or timing of these matters.

## 16. CONCLUSION OF SERVICES

The Client may have access to the Client's case file at any reasonable time. At the end of the engagement, the Client may request the Client's case file. If the Client has not requested the Client's file, and to the extent the Firm has not otherwise delivered it or disposed of it consistent with the Client's instructions, the Firm will retain the case file for a period of three years after which the Firm is authorized to destroy the case file. If the Client wants the Firm to maintain the case file for more than three years after the Firm's services have concluded, a separate written agreement must be executed between the Firm and the Client which may include the expense of maintaining or transferring the case file. The Firm is authorized to retain copies of the case file in perpetuity at the Firm's expense.

AA

.na4.documents.adobe.com

E

&lt;

#

#

#

#

EFTA00037145