EFTA00037224

From: "( (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: "( (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, "( (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, "( (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, "( (NY) (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, "

Cc: "( (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, "( (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein updates 8/26 C4
Date: Mon, 26 Aug 2019 19:26:41 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

C19

Death Investigation:
Obtained ☐ Cell Phone. In process of dumping phone via CART.

Concur with C2.

SA ☐
FBI-New York
C-19 Violent Crimes Task Force
Desk: ☐
Cell: ☐
Fax: ☐

---

From: ☐ (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 3:23 PM
To: ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐

Cc: ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐

Subject: RE: Epstein updates 8/26 C4

Squad C2
Color of Law Investigation
282B-NY-3156749
Agents are serving subpoena on hotel in Bronx, NY.

---

From: ☐ (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 2:09 PM
To: ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐

Cc: ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐ (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐

Subject: Epstein updates 8/26 C4

Squad C4
Obstruction Investigation
72-NY-3157147
- Nothing significant to report

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Sunday, August 25, 2019 11:46 AM
To: Driscoll, Michael J. (NY) (FBI) &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;; [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Subject: Epstein updates

All,

After much engagement with HQ over the past 48 hours, and our efforts to both consolidate and limit the reporting requirements, HQ is now requesting updates in a conference call to be held daily at 1530. You should all receive the bridge line information tomorrow. Trust me, nothing you're thinking right now hasn't already been communicated to the highest levels. IMO, this is largely driven by DOJ. Is it inconvenient? Yes.

Regardless, we'll need to support the calls because those you all deal with in CID are in the exact same position as you. We should support each other and push through.

Based on all my calls with HQ, here are some of my thoughts on how we should go forward:

Many questions I'm receiving are driven by media reporting (e.g. Maxwell, NM residence search, etc.). If you see sustained reporting on one aspect, get ahead of it. For example...media has been all over the location and role of Maxwell as a co-conspirator. I advised that based on the volume and quality of evidence we have, the team is currently focused on charges for a different co-conspirator. However, we're engaged with Counsel for all co-conspirators. Kill the rumor before it gets legs in the minds of senior leadership.

With regard to interviews or other investigative techniques, stay general unless we have significant information. You could say, "we conducted interviews of 14 MCC Corrections Officers and continued with the financial analysis but don't have anything significant to report." Only give names of an interviewee if there was something significant.

If we don't have significant results to report, it's ok to say so. Be mindful that most, if not all, of what you say will be pushed to the seventh floor.

- Tuesday is a big day with the hearing so be prepared to talk it on Monday and beyond. You can provide the approximate number of victims expected to attend and any efforts we have in making that happen (coordinating transportation, etc.). On Tuesday you'll give the read out of the hearing. In your reporting over the next few days/weeks, stay focused on the investigation of the co-conspirators and stay tight with SDNY on conversations they're having with Counsel and the direction we're headed towards charges.

- [REDACTED] and on Wednesday - I've continually expressed to HQ how C-19 and C-2 are tight on the drug/sex case. You guys can speak together about that case. Clearly we're focused on analysis of the phones as well as the nature and timing of likely charges.

- [REDACTED] I talked to [REDACTED] and know that you guys have a couple big interviews to do that will determine if the PC case has any legs or if gets shut down. I would focus on advising of the timing of those interviews.

- [REDACTED] I've included you here FYSA. Let me know if you want the bridge line details as well.

Enjoy your Sunday.

EFTA00037225

New York Field Office Criminal - Branch C
Desk
Cell

EFTA00037226