UK - OFFICIAL - ORCON

UK National Crime Agency

British Embassy Washington

Michael Manley – NCA Liaison Officer
British Embassy
Washington DC

Our ref: NCAWAS-20-081
30 June 2020

Notification to FBI and request for information: Jeffrey EPSTEIN enquiry

FAO: [REDACTED] (FBI)
Copy: Paul Jenkins (NCA Washington); [REDACTED] (FBI)

Dear [REDACTED],

1. Overt action is permitted on this intelligence subject to the caveats outlined in this document.
2. It may be shared as deemed necessary within FBI and DOJ only where there is a genuine need to know. For further requests to disseminate please speak to the originator for permission.
3. This information was lawfully acquired in the UK.

Context

4. NCA previously provided information to FBI on 6 January 2020 in relation to the US investigation into Jeffrey EPSTEIN. Dissemination NCAWAS-20-001 refers, attached for reference.

Further details

5. NCA has since been made aware of a number of related allegations, which have been widely reported in open source, against an individual by the name of Clare GUINNESS (née HAZELL) who is more commonly known as

EFTA00037470

UK - OFFICIAL - ORCON

Lady Clare IVEAGH/Countess IVEAGH following her marriage to Arthur Edward Rory GUINNESS, 4th Earl of IVEAGH and part of the Guinness brewing dynasty.

6. According to open source, Clare IVEAGH was allegedly a close contact of EPSTEIN and travelled and stayed with him on multiple occasions. Other allegations by [redacted] state that she was sexually abused by IVEAGH.

7. IVEAGH is currently the President of the West Sussex Branch of a UK charity, the NSPCC (National Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Children).

8. In light of the open source allegations, NSPCC has advised UK police and the NCA that they would like to conduct an internal review to confirm whether or not IVEAGH remains suitable to hold the position of President. This review is on hold pending UK checks which includes NCA's engagement with FBI/DOJ on this matter.

9. NCA can confirm that it does not hold any derogatory information on Clare IVEAGH and is not currently undertaking any investigation into this person or her associates.

## Request

10. NCA would like to bring these allegations to the attention of FBI, if the agency is not already aware, and kindly requests a view on whether or not any internal NSPCC review would adversely affect the FBI/DOJ investigation.

11. NCA kindly requests that the NSPCC's referral to UK law enforcement and their intention to speak with Clare IVEAGH are handled with sensitivity and not made public.

Yours sincerely,

Michael Manley

(International Liaison Officer, Washington DC)

EFTA00037471