From: " " " &lt;

To: " " " &lt;

Subject: Re: NYM Time Line (Out of the office)

Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 15:04:09 +0000

Importance: Normal

I will be out of the office on Friday, August 9, 2019.

If you need immediate assistance, please contact the Director's Office at

Thank you!

Psy.D.
Chief of Staff
Office of the Director
Federal Bureau of Prisons
320 First St., NW
Washington, D.C. 20534

&gt;&gt;&gt; 08/10/19 11:04 &gt;&gt;&gt;

7/23/19 @ 1:27 a.m.: Epstein found in fetal position in cell breathing but would not acknowledge staff initially. After removed, he interacted with staff and speaking to staff. Neck was red. Placed on suicide watch and medical evaluation. Epstein received daily psychological evaluation while on suicide watch.

7/29/19: Epstein removed from suicide watch by Psychology Services Department after daily interaction. Epstein was returned to the Special Housing Unit with cellmate Reyes 85993-054. Was with same cellmate until 8/9/19.

8/9/19 @ 8:00 a.m.: Cellmate Reyes out of institution for Court. Reyes is released from Court to the community and does not return to the institution. Epstein in legal visit all day until 6:45 p.m. Epstein returned to cell with no cell mate (was on PSYCH Alert and required cell mate).

8/9/19 @ 7:00 p.m.: Unit Manager gave Epstein a telephone call (Comm Tech on way in to verifying who and number). Unit Manager reports pleasant call in good spirits; nothing unusual.

8/10/19 12:00 a.m.: Officer conducts count and Epstein waves at Officer. One Officer reports they failed to conduct 3am and 5am official counts. Officer asked if conducted 30 minute checks; didn't respond, just put her head down. Second Officer refuses to discuss. Both are seen by EAP this morning.

8/10/19 @ 6:33 a.m.: Staff serving breakfast meal find Epstein unresponsive in cell. Staff call for assistance and begin CPR. Epstein moved to the Health Svc Department at 6:45am and EMS arrived 6:59am. Transported to hospital at 7:23am and pronounced dead at 7:36am. Institution medical staff reported bruising around neck and Institution staff report orange make-shift noose laying in cell. Cell secured for possible crime scene.

EFTA00036745

J. Regional Director Northeast Region

EFTA00036746