From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: Fwd: FW: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Order
Date: Tue, 27 Aug 2019 02:32:25 +0000
Importance: Normal

FYI...courtroom number is listed below

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Date: Aug 26, 2019 10:15 AM
Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Order
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Cc: " _______________________________________________________________ "

FYI, Judge Berman has officially announced the new courtroom for tomorrow's proceeding. We expect a large number of victims will be coming to court and then back to " _______________________________________________________________ " over the bridge tomorrow.

Will you guys have additional agents/TFOs available to help coordinate tomorrow? If so, mind sending us their names please?

From: NYSD_ECF_Pool@nysd.uscourts.gov <nysd_ecf_pool@nysd.uscourts.gov>
Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 9:31 AM
To: CourtMail@nysd.uscourts.gov
Subject: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Order

This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended.

***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply.

U.S. District Court
Southern District of New York

Notice of Electronic Filing

The following transaction was entered on 8/26/2019 at 9:31 AM EDT and filed on 8/26/2019

Case Name: USA v. Epstein
Case Number: 1:19-cr-00490-RMB
Filer:
Document Number: 50

EFTA00037879</nysd_ecf_pool@nysd.uscourts.gov>

Docket Text:

ORDER as to Jeffrey Epstein: The hearing scheduled for Tuesday, August 27, 2019 at 10:30 a.m. will be held in Courtroom 110 of the Thurgood Marshall United States Comihouse located at 40 Foley Square. (Status Conference set for 8/27/2019 at 10:30 AM in Courtroom 110, 40 Centre Street, New York, NY 10007 before Judge Richard M. Berman) (Signed by Judge Richard M. Berman on 8/26/2019) (Inl)

1:19-cr-00490-RMB-1 Notice has been electronically mailed to:

James L. Brochin jbrochin@brochinlawpllc.com

Marc Allan Fernich maf@fernichlaw.com, ggraham@fernichlaw.com

Michael Campion Miller mmiller@steptoe.com, ehartman@steptoe.com, ocorn@Steptoe.com, spu@steptoe.com

Reid Weingarten rweingarten@steptoe.com

Martin Gary Weinberg owlmgw@att.net, owlmcb@att.net

v, CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

Michael Gerard Scavelli mscavelli@steptoe.com, ehartman@steptoe.com, ocorn@steptoe.com, spu@steptoe.com

, CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

, CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

1:19-cr-00490-RMB-1 Notice has been delivered by other means to:

The following document(s) are associated with this transaction:

Document description: Main Document

Original filename: n/a

Electronic document Stamp:

[STAMP dcecfStamp_ID=1008691343 [Date=8/26/2019] [FileNumber=22680035-0] [0376c78233c47a6cf05cd25106a79ab41c20213afabbfbd2c88e6a9e321d4976d acc117aeacbf2966f3aa71fdf554b98db164b8e011bcc23b31458b3dbc33d]]

EFTA00037880