From:

Subject: Re: [REDACTED] I informed you two weeks ago that my surgery isscheduled for Monday, August 12, 2019 but I was still on the schedule. I took the liberty in removing myself from the schedule August 12, 15, 16, and 17. I prepared the memo for leave without pay for the days to follow.

Date: Fri, 09 Aug 2019 01:32:31 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: TEXT.htm

What do you mean I don't have the authority to remove myself from the roster? I informed you weeks ago about this surgery that I'm having on Monday and I'm not coming in on Monday so this isn't news and you didn't request documentation about my surgery. I really don't have to provide specific information about my surgery that's why there's HIPPA laws and time for recovery varies from individual to individual everyone is different. You were informed about this surgery [REDACTED] so I don't know why there is an issue and you are requesting documentation last minute all of a sudden this should of been requested weeks ago.

Lieutenant

Federal Bureau of Prisons

Metropolitan Correctional Center

150 Park Row

New York, N.Y. 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; [REDACTED] &gt; 8/8/2019 9:26 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I need documentation from your doctor which provides specific information of scheduled surgery and time for recovery. You don't have the authority to remove yourself from the roster. Please provide me the information along with your LWOP request addressed to the Warden.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message

From: [REDACTED]

Date: 8/8/19 7:32 PM (GMT-05:00)

To: [REDACTED]

Subject: [REDACTED] I informed you two weeks ago that my surgery is scheduled for Monday, August 12, 2019 but I was still on the schedule. I took the liberty in removing myself from the schedule August 12, 15, 16, and 17. I prepared the memo for leave without pay for the days to follow.

&gt;&gt;&gt; " [REDACTED]" 08/08/2019 19:32 &gt;&gt;&gt;

I informed you two weeks ago that my surgery is scheduled for Monday, August 12, 2019 but I was still on the schedule. I took the liberty in removing myself from the schedule August 12, 15, 16, and 17. I prepared the memo for

EFTA00036403

leave without pay for the days to follow.

Lieutenant
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, N.Y. 10007

EFTA00036404