From:
To:

Subject: Lead 142 RE

Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 17:08:55 +0000

Importance: Normal

Hello!

Below is the lead information mentioned.

- Caller Name:
- DOB:
- Number:
- Address:

- called on 7/15/19 and she stated she met Epstein through at Epstein's residence in NY. She was at the time. Caller said she welcomes a follow up by

This is the lead information:

[Caller stated when she was went to Epstein's townhouse in Manhattan, NY. Caller's friends, had visited Epstein and told Caller about how it was easy money

Once they walked in, there was a massage parlor to the right, and a secretary desk right in front of them. went into the massage parlor room, where Epstein was already naked with a towel over him. Epstein told them to undress, and they undressed to their bras and panties. Epstein, who was facing upwards, advised Caller to straddle him while she was massaging his abdomen. Epstein then grabbed Caller by the hips and started moving her in an up and down motion. At this point Epstein's towel was off, but Calle rwas still wearing her underwear.

Caller's and Epstein's genitals were rubbing against each other. Epstein then directed Caller to massage his testicles, while simultaneously he had his fingers in panties. Caller was unsure if Epstein penetrated but he was at the very least fondling her. Epstein continued to have Caller go up and down until eventually he ejaculated. Epstein then thanked them, he left the room, and Caller and Leann got dressed. When they walked out, the secretary handed them each an envelope. Caller believes there was between $250 and $300 in the envelope. Caller remembers the money was in big bills.

Caller stopped speaking with , was never close with , and is still friends with on social media. Caller did not know the name of the secretary but described her as being a middle aged Caucasian woman, with glasses and brunette hair.]

Let me know if you need anything else!

EFTA00037579