12:47 Wed 16 Aug
□□
87%
△△
Aa
#

# RELENTLESS PURSUIT: MY FIGHT FOR THE VICTIMS OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN

try to kill him. While I had never heard anyone say that Epstein had this fear, I had often wondered how it never happened. He continued to talk in a low voice, primarily on the subject of the young females in Epstein's life. He confirmed what many others by this point had said—that Epstein's entire life, from the time he woke up to the time he went to sleep, revolved around young women.

As soon as Jeffrey got out of jail in 2008, there were girls at his house all the time—the only thing that changed was the target age of his victims. They were all promised something that Jeffrey would do for them, and at some point, this bodyguard expressed his concern to Jeffrey about his misleading them. He said, "You just got out of jail, you can't keep doing this with these girls." He made it clear that Epstein was engaging in the same conduct that landed him in trouble in the first place but with a slightly older age group, focusing his attention not on rounding up high school kids, but on the modeling industry as his recruiting playground.

These were girls who believed they were there—wherever "there" was at any given moment—for a legitimate reason, not illicit sex. But Jeffrey's purpose with them was sex and only sex. His bodyguard watched as dozens of young aspiring models were lured into Epstein's world before being discarded, more broken than before. When this bodyguard told Epstein that he shouldn't keep doing this with girls, he said Epstein responded, "Don't act like my grandma or you will be fired."

Yes, he confirmed that [redacted] tried to swim off the island, but her attempt showed no greater level of distress than he'd seen in other girls throughout the years. The rest of our meeting had little to do with girls, and much to do with the danger he saw me putting myself in with Epstein. He was himself a real-life tough guy, yet I could tell he was frightened by Epstein. And he stressed that I should also be frightened. He had no precise information; it wasn't as if Epstein had told him I was a target. He simply made it clear that I was somebody Epstein had talked about, and not in a friendly way. But of course, I already knew that.

As we got to know each other, he increased the seriousness in his voice. "You don't know who you're dealing with. I worked for him for years and I still don't know who you're dealing with. He knows everybody who's powerful in this world." He went on to explain that Jeff's connections were not just to the local police, who were "definitely in his pocket," and from whom "when he was in jail and on house arrest, he got so many favors." He elaborated that Epstein "made very clear that the federal government would never prosecute him."

He also snuck stories in to give me examples of how scary Epstein was. On one occasion, a lawyer was found at the bottom of a swimming pool. Epstein asked him if he thought people would believe it was a suicide, as if it wasn't, and suggested that he,

305

Chapter Forty-Two: The Bodyguard

Page 305 of 388 - 6 mins left in chapter - 80%

EFTA00037181