From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: Fwd: RE: Press Conference at Epstein's

Date: Tue, 28 Jan 2020 00:12:26 +0000

Importance: Normal

Thanks

Acting Assistant Special Agent in Charge

Office

Cell

On Jan 27, 2020 7:11 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

, just an FYI, I was a little annoyed at the Epstein press conference today that nobody told us about. If you want to see the dialog below, that's as much as I know about it. Let me know what had to say. They said it was for safe horizon however it was conveniently held right in front of Epsteins house.

SSA

FBI New York

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Date: Jan 27, 2020 5:47 PM

Subject: RE: Press Conference at Epstein's

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; , " (USANYS)" &lt; (USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: "

This morning's press conference took us by surprise -- our supervisors did not say anything to us about it in advance, and in particular had no idea that there would be comments about the active investigation. Our understanding now is that the event was in connection with Safe Horizon, the victim services organization, and that answered at least one specific question about the investigation, relating to Prince Andrew. We just heard from that he spoke to about it (I think earlier today?) so everybody is playing catch up.

---Original Message---

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Monday, January 27, 2020 15:28

To: (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Press Conference at Epstein's

All,

EFTA00037269

I have been getting some questions about the press conference that occurred today at Epstein's mansion, do any of you know that was about? Our media affairs department has been getting questions. In addition, our Victim Specialists have been fielding calls from irate victims who weren't notified.

https://twitter.com/AaronKatersky/status/1221833096686903299/photo/1

thanks,

SSA Squad C-20 Crimes Against Children/Human Trafficking FBI New York office mobile

EFTA00037270