From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: RE: aircraft location

Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 21:33:15 +0000

Importance: Normal

Thanks

From: (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 5:31 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;;;&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;Subject: RE: aircraft location

Yes, all day Saturday SDNY contacted the victims' attorneys to convey the message that the investigation was going to continue and that we would be available to answer and questions or concerns. The case agents reached out to the few that aren't represented.

SSA FBI New York

On Aug 14, 2019 5:21 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

Thanks ...also, got a question from Sweeney. Have we been in contact with our known victims since Epstein's death? I recall mentioned that either we or the VS had made contact but wanted to confirm before I responded to

From: (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 5:19 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;;;&gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;Subject: aircraft location

Thanks , I agree there is probably no need to search the plane but it is possible we may pursue a seizure at some point in the future, but we are not there yet.

SSA FBI New York

On Aug 14, 2019 4:43 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

John Penza reached out a short time ago. He indicated a contact of his let him know that Epstein's plane is currently in Brunswick, Georgia for maintenance. John was passing this along just in case we had a need to locate or perhaps search the aircraft. I let him know we probably did not have a need to locate the plane at this time, but I would pass the information along.

Best Regards,

EFTA00037335

Special Agent in Charge
Criminal Division
FBI New York Office
(O)
(C)

EFTA00037336