U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

# DUTY OFFICER REPORT

DATE: July 9, 2019

FROM: [REDACTED], Institution Duty Officer

RE: Duty Officer Report (July 2, 2019 to July 9, 2019)

TO: [REDACTED], Warden

1. OPERATIONS:

Sanitation throughout the institution was good. The common areas in the housing units were sanitary and sally ports had garbage bins that were over filled with food and debris. The stairways do need some attention. During this tour, daily inmate counts were conducted and were completed with no concerns. Food Service menus were in compliance with the National Menu and there were no complaints regarding the meals during my tour. Visiting operations were examined. The institutional entry processing of visitors was conducted and visitors were processed with no concerns. Daily tours of the institution were made without incident and staff members were observed to be following security procedures throughout the institution.

2. PROGRAMS &amp; ACTIVITIES:

Normal education and recreation programs were conducted during the tour. Jumah Services on Friday, July 5, 2019; English Protestant Service by a volunteer on Unit 2 on did not show up.

3. PSYCHOLOGICAL:

Suicide Watch:

Psychological Observation:
[REDACTED] #70497-050 (Forensic) Came off watch on July 4, 2019.

EFTA00036131

#86475-054 (Female-New Commit) Came off watch on July 4, 2019.

## EMERGENCIES &amp; UNUSUAL SITUATIONS:

On July 2, 2019, at approximately 3:05 PM, call for assistance over the radio for 11 floor visiting. Inmate Brok, Mark Reg #86460-054 was scene taken an object from his visitor Nesmith, Jakim Keyron.

## 4. STATISTICAL INFORMATION:

a. Count at Beginning/End of Tour: 796/790
b. Visiting:

|  Date | Unit | Inmate | Adult | Children  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Tuesday: July 2, 2019 | 11S/11N Even/Odd | 11/25 | 15/32 | 3/7  |
|  Wednesday: July 3, 2019 | 7N/7S | 19/25 | 21/26 | 9/16  |
|  Thursday: July 4, 2019 | 9N/5N | 22/17 | 25/21 | 5/4  |
|  Friday: July 5, 2019 | ZA/11N Even | 16/24 | 18/30 | 2/13  |
|  Saturday: July 6, 2019 | 5S | 0 | 0 | 0  |
|  Sunday: July 7, 2019 | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A  |
|  Monday: July 8, 2019 | 2 | 5 | 5 | 4  |
|  Subtotals |  |  |  |   |
|  Total Visitors for the week | 104 | 92 | 86 | 18  |

c. Official Count Procedures:

|  Date of Observation | Random Unit | Procedures Followed Yes / No | Corrective Action  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Tuesday: July 2, 2019 | 7 North | Yes | None  |
|  Wednesday: July 3, 2019 | 9 North | Yes | None  |
|  Thursday: July 4, 2019 | Unit 2 | Yes | None  |
|  Friday: July 5, 2019 | 5 South | Yes | None  |
|  Saturday: July 6, 2019 | 9 South | Yes | None  |
|  Sunday: July 7, 2019 | 7 South | Yes | None  |

EFTA00036132

|  Monday: July 8, 2019 | 9 North | Yes | None  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  |   |   |   |

d. 1. Commissary sales during tour: $ 22,282.91
2. Commissary sales previous tour: $ 29,387.06
3. Average commissary sales pay week: $ 27,730.34

e. 1. Incident reports during this tour: 9
2. Incident reports during the previous tour: 4

f. Portal to Portal:

|  Date | Observations  |
| --- | --- |
|  Tuesday: July 2, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |
|  Wednesday: July 3, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |
|  Thursday: July 4, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |
|  Friday: July 5, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |
|  Saturday: July 6, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |
|  Sunday: July 7, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |
|  Monday: July 8, 2019 | Staff in compliance with portal to portal.  |

g. PREA
Rounds Conducted Daily: No concerns
Number of allegations: 0
Number of allegations founded: 0
Number of allegations unfounded: 0

5. LOCATOR CENTER TESTING RESULTS: The Locator Center was tested on three separate shifts. Staff responded appropriately during all three shifts.

On July 6, 2019 the Advanced Language Lines Solutions was tested by calling (866) 874-3972, client ID# 572673 and is operational.

EFTA00036133

6. SUGGESTIONS &amp; RECOMMENDATIONS: To get a trash detail to do pick up right after mainlines are finished. Get a Building Management System (BMS) to control temperature throughout the building.

Associate Warden Operations

Associate Warden Programs

Executive Assistant

Captain

EFTA00036134