EFTA00037795

From: "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (CN) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;
To: "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (CN) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;, "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (CN) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;, "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;, "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (CN) (FBI)" &gt;.
Subject: Threat made to US citizen living in Australia
Date: Sun, 28 Jul 2019 03:38:52 +0000
Importance: Normal

Here it is.

Regards, /☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐

On Jul 28, 2019 10:15 AM, "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt; wrote:
My apologies for not including it in the first email. See below.

On Jul 27, 2019 5:42 PM, "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (CN) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt; wrote:
Thanks ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐,
+ Crim ALAT ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐

I presume it may be helpful to know in which Australian city/state your victim currently resides.

Assistant Legal Attaché
FBI - Canberra
Desk ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐
US Cell ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐
AUS Cell ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐

On Jul 28, 2019 2:49 AM, "☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐ (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt; wrote:
Hello everyone,

I'm reaching out to you all in Australia because I'm currently working the Jeffrey Epstein investigation in New York and one of the identified victims in this case is living in Australia. We received information about a threat being made against her for speaking out. We have notified her through her attorney. Her name is ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐, DOB ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐. She has reached out to the AFP and they've asked for confirmation about this threat. The threat was made by an anonymous individual. Information is limited at this time. We are investigating it.

I wanted you to be aware of this so you have it FYSA and to pass along confirmation to the AFP as necessary.

Please feel free to reach out with questions/concerns.

Thank you,
SA
FBI New York
VCAC/Human Trafficking
C:
O:

EFTA00037796