From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Fwd: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell
Date: Wed, 29 Jul 2020 16:21:44 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

Forwarded message

From:
Date: Jul 29, 2020 12:20 PM
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Stud: Ghislaine Maxwell

Cc:
For you.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: sexworkersanonymous
Date: July 29, 2020 at 3:24:40 PM
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell
Reply-To: sexworkersanonymous

PS might be under a gag order, but I'm not. Neither are other people I'm aware of who were given copies of her phone logs back when we were trying to make sure ABC was kept "honest".

Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email.

Original Message

On Tuesday, July 28, 2020 9:44 PM, sexworkersanonymous &lt; wrote:

Dear Ms

EFTA00037683

I keep thinking that someone is going to be contacting me about the Jeff Epstein case, and the connection between his case/death and that of Jeanne Palfrey, the DC Madam, and her death, which I also believe was a murder, and yet no one is. Maybe what's obvious to me isn't so obvious to other people, so I thought I'd reach out to you to make contact now that you've gotten ahold of Ms. Maxwell. Jeanne Palfrey tried desperately to get the names of her clients published in her lawsuit because her case was not what it appeared to be. Not according to the story she told me anyway as someone who spoke to her almost daily for the last couple of years of her life, and up to just a few hours before she was found dead. I believe she was murdered because of the great effort many people were putting forth to keep the names in her phone logs quiet, as well as what she was trying to say about her case that was being concealed in the media despite all the noise. Because she wasn't getting her story told her way, that's why she had plans to publish her own book, her own documentary, etc., using money she was supposed to have been awarded by Larry Flynt she was due to receive before she was found dead. If her case was suicide, then the things that have been happening to me after her death to harass me, and keep me out of the media talking about her story I doubt would have been as aggressive as they were. Including the so called fact there was an "investigation" into her murder - when I had texts and emails from her again on an almost daily basis for those last few years yet not one detective on her case, nor has one single reporter, ever asked me to see any of these nor asked me anything about her side of the story or her death despite the fact I was her only best friend, she gave me a copy of her logs, and that I was the only one who heard her side of the story before her death. She had been arranging to hold a press conference to release names, and also again tell her story about why she was REALLY arrested at the airport as she was trying to leave the country, when she was calling me frantic because she was being followed all day the day before she was found dead. Her own mother told me she was scared whoever murdered her daughter would "come back and shut her up" if she didn't go along with the whole "suicide" cover story, so she begged me to keep quiet also about her true feelings. Jeanne was called upon to supply women to the very men over the same period of time as this case involving Epstein, and further, she was arrested and murdered during the same time period that there were many people trying to keep Epstein from even facing charges. There is a LOT of evidence in her phone logs, and that's probably why ABC lied about what was in them until we proved they were lying. Even now, most of the names that were in those logs have not come to light. For all we know, Ms. Maxwell might have been just as forced to do what she was doing for Epstein and his friends as Jeanne was. Jeanne believed Brandy Britton was murdered also to keep her quiet about this same circle of men. There is honestly every possibility that Dennis Hof might have even been murdered, as well as Joe Conforte. Joe Conforte is missing, which means his body is in pieces somewhere. Joe was in contact with just about everyone who was involved in the sex industry there was in the world. So was Dennis. Dennis' death also stank to high heaven, especially when you see how his pilot met a strange end just weeks after Dennis did. Dennis was being harassed also, and was scared for his life which was why he was hiding out in Crystal on his birthday. He had told me he was not getting his voice heard in the media either, just as Jeanne's wasn't, and I wasn't, and that's one of the reasons why he ran for office. He felt if he ran for office then the major media couldn't shut him up - but then he is found dead practically the day after he wins the election? If his death was properly investigated then please answer me as to why Heidi Fliess admitted to giving him an edible the night before, yet the sheriff refused to take a sample of that edible when she was there? Why was my home attacked just a few weeks after Hof's death by four Metro officers without a warrant? I mean they spent 90 minutes trying to tear my door off the hinges to get at me without a warrant or probable cause, and when a reporter contacted them asking why they were there - they ran. There is a lot more to this story Ms. Strauss, and there are answers in Jeanne's phone logs. Hopefully her death will not be in vein if you'll take a careful look at those records. I think there was also something in Dennis Hof's records as well worth checking out to be honest. Remember, the legal age for sex in Nevada is 16 years of age. Thank you for your work on this case.

www.scxworkersanonymous.net

Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email.

EFTA00037684

EFTA00037685