# U. S. Department of Justice

Federal Bureau of Prisons

# PROGRAM REVIEW DIVISION

Washington, D.C. 20534

August 7, 2019

MEMORANDUM FOR [REDACTED], REGIONAL DIRECTOR
NORTHEAST REGION, PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA

/s/
FROM: Core Section Chief

SUBJECT: Final Notification of Regional Office Program Review Northeast Regional Office

This notification is to confirm the Northeast Regional Office Multidiscipline Program Review scheduled August 13-15, 2019. Please note that a remote assessment will begin after receipt of this notification. This will allow completion of some review steps off-site. See Attachments A-F for a list of requested documents.

The reviewer-in-charge will be [REDACTED], Assistant Director, Program Review Division. The following will assist with the review:

[REDACTED], Administrator, PRD
[REDACTED], Core Section Chief, PRD
[REDACTED], Examiner, Safety Section, PRD
[REDACTED], Examiner, Health Services Section, PRD
[REDACTED], Examiner, Info. Systems &amp; Security Section, PRD
[REDACTED], Examiner, Correctional Services Section, PRD
[REDACTED], Examiner, Financial Management Section, PRD
[REDACTED], Examiner, Human Resources Section, PRD
[REDACTED], Budget Analyst, Budget and Execution, ADM
[REDACTED], Comptroller, MXRO
[REDACTED], Regional Accountant, SERO

EFTA00036748

Portions of the review will be conducted remotely via participants at their local sites. The following staff will assist with the remote review:

[redacted], Examiner, Facilities Management Section, PRD
[redacted], Examiner, Correctional Programs Section, PRD
[redacted], Examiner, Food Services Section, PRD
[redacted], Examiner, Education Services, PRD

A routine review will be conducted utilizing the Regional Office Program Review Guidelines, dated May 31, 2019. Additionally, the Standard Program Review Guidelines (G3001A.02, 10/26/2016) will also be used.

There have been no additional special emphasis areas identified for this review.

Please contact [redacted], Core Section Chief, at [redacted], if there is anything you would like the review team to take into consideration.

The RIC will need access to a LAN-attached computer and printer.

Your cooperation with the review process is greatly appreciated.

Attachments

cc: NERO/Regional Director
BOP-PRD/Correspondence

EFTA00036749