From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: Fwd: New Procedures

Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 20:21:40 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: TEXT.htm; Charisma_Edge.vcf

Capt, please ensure the Lts are aware they should immediately discontinue the practice of placing inmates in observation that are not on official Psych Ops or Suicide Watch status. Per the below guidance, inmates will not be placed in the suicide area unless authorized by Psych staff. If an inmate arrives after hours and has to be screened, the inmate should be placed in SHU until UT and medical staff arrive in the am and conduct the social and medical screening process. Please have a verbal discussion and send out guidance.

MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, NY 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/16/2019 12:25 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

This morning the new Warden addressed new procedures:

1. The new Warden indicated he is very hands on and wants to know everything going on. He indicated every time someone goes on or off suicide watch and psychology observation he wants to be informed by phone (in addition to the emails we send out.) You can call the office or his cell, _______________. He wants to be called no matter what day or time it is.

2. The Warden indicated he would like to be the one making the decisions regarding the use of inmate companions. So please make sure when someone is placed on suicide watch or psychology, a conversation is had with him regarding if it should be a staff watch or inmate companion watch.

3. As it was brought up we are not always informed of inmates being placed on watch/observation, when they go on overnight, he related, there would now be biweekly department head meetings and Dr. _______________ should bring this up at the meeting so he can address this. She should also bring up we are not always getting PSIQs.

Thank you.

Forensic Psychologist
LCDR United States Public Health Service
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00036376