From: "(______" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;;&gt;
To: "(______" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;;&gt;
Cc: "(______" (NY) (OGA)" &lt;;&gt;, "(______" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein case
Date: Tue, 04 Aug 2020 18:29:32 +0000
Importance: Normal

FYI, we engaged Morris yesterday, and he retained counsel. We will likely be conducting a proffer of him in the near future. You folks are welcome to toss any questions you would like us to pose to him.

His attorney is already attempting to devalue his roll, indicating he was just a low level relationship manager, amongst many. (Note, he appears to have done very well for himself as a low level relationship manager).

Secondly, after out attorney's jump through some hoops, we will likely be seeking to interview Epstein's attorney, who was responsible for a lot of the transactions, and appears to have made efforts to structure transactions, so as to avoid SAR's etc.. As that time come closer, I will reach out to you.

Finally, as mentioned, to the extent Maxwell changes her tune, and seek to be more cooperative, we would love to have you ask some questions for us, regarding her understanding of JE's relationship with Deutsche Bank.

Many thanks,

From: "(______" (NY) (FBI))
Sent: Thursday, March 26, 2020 4:30 PM
To: "(______" (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;; "(______" (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;
Cc: "(______" (NY) (OGA) &lt;;&gt;; "(______" (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein case

Great, many thanks [REDACTED]. Obviously not pressing, but when you have a chance that would be great.

On Mar 26, 2020 3:00 PM, "(______" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;;&gt; wrote:
Hey [REDACTED].

We did not personally engage with the bank. Our financial accountant and AUSAs may have. I will follow-up with them and get back to you.

Stay well,

From: "(______" (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Thursday, March 26, 2020 2:40 PM
To: "(______" (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;
Cc: "(______" (NY) (OGA) &lt;;&gt;; "(______" (NY) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;.
Subject: RE: Epstein case

EFTA00037187

Many thanks

.

Hope you guys are well. Mr. Epstein is the gift that keeps giving. As noted, we are looking at Deutsche Bank, for a number of reasons, with one being that they should not have let Epstein bank with them, in that it was clear he was .moving money for the payment of women. They as much admit that, but seem to justify it, in that they did not believe the women to be under age (i.e., complete disregard for the trafficking aspect, or witness tampering).

In short, we were wondering who you may have engaged at the bank, and are particularly interested in knowing if you spoke with the relationship manager, Paul Morris.

Many thanks!

On Mar 26, 2020 12:10 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

I am well thank you, hope you are too! My squad does have the Epstein case, I have cc'd the case agents and you can go direct with them.

Thanks,

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Thursday, March 26, 2020 10:07 AM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;
Cc: (NY) (FBI) &lt;
Subject: Epstein case

Hey

First and foremost I hope you are well. I am reaching out to figure out if the Epstein case was on your squad.

Jammy and I have an investigation into Deutsche Bank, and one of the aspects of the investigation is transaction monitoring, or the lack thereof, and that includes banking Epstein.

If the case was on your squad, we were wondering who the case agent was, and further if they spoke with Epsteins relationship manager at the bank, Paul Morris.

Thanks!

EFTA00037188