EFTA00037409

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;

Subject: Fwd: Re: Epstein office search in St. Thomas
Date: Thu, 10 Oct 2019 11:43:20 +0000
Importance: Normal

Roger that.

On Oct 10, 2019 7:41 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt; wrote:
We haven't but the answer is no comment.

On Oct 10, 2019 7:21 AM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt; wrote:
- I know at the time we hadn't searched that office, that still the case?

--- Forwarded message ---
From: Matthew Goldstein &lt;---&gt;
Date: Oct 10, 2019 7:08 AM
Subject: Re: Epstein office search in St. Thomas
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;
Cc:

Hi I am resending this from the other day. Could you please get back to me this morning Matt

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 8, 2019, at 2:33 PM, Goldstein, Matthew &lt;---&gt; wrote:

hi, adrienne said she passed on my email to you.
we've been trying to track the financial side of Epstein's world for a while.
while we know your agents search his island home (little st james) on aug. 12, it's never been reported whether his business office in St Thomas, in the American Yacht Club was searched
We have talked to a merchant in the marina/office complex who said he saw federal agents enter and search the offices of Southern Trust (Epstein's business) on Aug. 12 as well.
we are trying to confirm this as it would appear to be a place the FBI would want to search for records, especially after we had a chance to review the financials for Southern Trust and Financial Trust (his earlier company)
we were also told by another merchant that two weeks before Epstein's arrest, large garbage bags of shredded papers were outside the offices of Southern Trust to be thrown out

can you confirm the search for us on Aug. 12 or if that date is error, that the office was search by your agents

thanks

matt

here is link to our story

https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/03/business/jeffrey-epstein-southern-trust.html

--

Matthew Goldstein
The New York Times

(w)
(c)

EFTA00037410