From: _____________________________
To: _____________________________
Cc: _____________________________
Subject: Butterfly Trust and Epstein
Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2019 14:08:34 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: _____________________________

Hi Mark

The BoA records for Acct#483078331975 should connect funds ($175,000, 3/22/2/2019) sent to Fargo Acct#6597278776 from The 2013 Butterfly Trust ($250,000, 12/3/2018)).

The Deutsche Bank SARs show the BoA account.

Please see the flowchart.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN WAS DERIVED FROM RECORDS COLLECTED AND DISSEMINATED UNDER PROVISIONS OF THE BANK SECRECY ACT (BSA) AND U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TREASURY REGULATIONS IMPLEMENTING 31 U.S.C. 5311, ET SEQ, CFR CHAPTER X. THIS INFORMATION IS SENSITIVE IN NATURE. THIS INFORMATION MAY ONLY BE USED FOR PURPOSES RELATED TO A CRIMINAL, TAX OR REGULATORY INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING OR IN THE CONDUCT OF INTELLIGENCE, COUNTERINTELLIGENCE, COUNTERTERRORISM OR NATIONAL SECURITY MATTERS. THE INFORMATION CANNOT BE DISSEMINATED FURTHER WITHOUT APPROVAL OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE FINANCIAL CRIMES NETWORK OR HIS DELEGATE. SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY REPORTS CONTAIN UNSUBSTANTIATED ALLEGATIONS OF POSSIBLE CRIMINAL ACTIVITY, AKIN TO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMANT TIPS. NEITHER THE REPORTS, NOR THE FACT THAT THEY HAVE BEEN FILED MAY BE DISCLOSED BY A GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE TO ANY PERSON INVOLVED IN THE TRANSACTION UNLESS NECESSARY TO FULFILL THE OFFICIAL DUTIES OF THE OFFICER OR EMPLOYEE. UNAUTHORIZED RELEASE OF BSA INFORMATION MAY RESULT IN CRIMINAL OR CIVIL SANCTIONS.

Squad C-40 (FAST) Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)
(o) _____________________________
(c) _____________________________

EFTA00037696