Good Morning All:

Following yesterday's incident, we are all under a microscope. The event is unfortunate and will have a lot of backlash associated with it but I want to say **THANK YOU** to each and every one of you for doing the job that you do. People don't understand how hard you all work and how you put your life at risk every day. Don't allow all of the criticism to define who we are as people and employees because you all keep this building afloat in the most daunting times and situations.

Below are a number of items to remember to protect yourselves:

1. As an employee, you can not speak to the media. Refrain from any remarks or statements. That is the duty of the Public Information Officer, [redacted] at [redacted].

2. We have a lot of visitors in the institution. Have your credentials on you at all times. Additionally, if you're unsure of a person's identity, you can request identification.

3. Maintain integrity in all forms of communication. Be honest, don't lie. It's the experience that dishonesty is disciplined more severely than the actual offense.

4. There will be a lot of requests for memorandums. As a bargaining employee, you have a right to route your memorandum through your Union prior to submitting it to the agency or it's representative, if YOU **reasonably believe it can lead to discipline**.

4. If called for questioning by ANY representative of the agency (BOP, OIA, OIG); you are entitled to a representative as a witness or subject if YOU **reasonably believe it can lead to discipline**.

5. The agency and or it's representative are REQUIRED by law to advise you of your right to have representative prior to conducting any questioning. If they don't, please keep the Union informed. While they must inform you, **YOU** have the responsibility of invoking your Weingarten Rights and informing that you want a representative. By law, upon that invockation, all questioning is to cease.

6. It is not a condition of employment to speak with OIG. If you find yourself in a room with OIG, you request a representative immediately!! Once you make communication with the Union, further guidance will be given. Investigations/ examinations should not take place at your residence or away from your duty location.

7. If you find yourself in a room being questioned by the FBI. Immediately inform that you want an attorney.

IN UNITY!!!

AFGE Local 3148

EFTA00036754