From: " " &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; " "

Cc: "(NY) (FBI)" &lt; " "

Subject: Fw: Epstein case

Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2019 16:51:24 +0000

Importance: Normal

Below are the updates that were requested by [redacted] to be prepared on a weekly basis. Please forward this to myself, [redacted], and every Thursday. This first update may take some time to compile but after that it shouldn't be that bad.

Forfeiture:

Public Corruption:

Victim Interviews:

Hotline results:

Digital Analysis:

Financial Analysis:

Other Significant Activity:

Please call [redacted] sometime this afternoon and assist her with the above up to date information. We need to have this sent down by tomorrow. If you could also keep her apprised of this information as you go along it will help her complete the weekly update.

Thank You

NYPD/FBI
Child Exploitation and Human Trafficking Task Force
Work Cell [redacted]
Work Email: [redacted]

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 12:32 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Subject: FW: Epstein case

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 11:33 AM

EFTA00037273

To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein case

Add Forfeiture and PC.1

Will call you on another matter.

On Aug 1, 2019 11:29 AM, "[REDACTED]" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:

I will discuss this with the team and we'll start putting something together every week. I'm thinking we will have the following categories:

- Victim Interviews:
- Hotline results:
- Digital Analysis:
- Financial Analysis:
- Other Significant Activity:

I will circle back on the conference call with availability. Anything else?

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 8:58 AM
To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Epstein case

Due to the high profile nature of Epstein, the fact that EM is engaged at multiple levels, and that we have numerous fronts of this investigation, I'd like you to start a SCN and include an updated SCN with your weekly sit reps to [REDACTED]. It should include updates on each of the facets of the investigation: victim interviews, digital analysis, financial analysis, forfeiture, public corruption, and significant events (e.g. the search of his island). These should detail who and what we're finding. For example, the financial analysis section could be..."Financial Analysis: SDNY, in collaboration with Squad C-XX (assuming they're working with our FAs) and outside vendor XXXXX, are reviewing XXX investment and money market accounts located at XYZ Bank and ABC Brokerage Firm. Significant findings include $250,000 payment to XXX and $100,000 payment to XXX on XX/XX/XXXX, which coincide with the Miami Herald articles. Additional subpoenas to be served." If we don't have anything on the PC side, then just type "Nothing Significant To Report." The key here is that we want to make sure [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] are comfortable we're tracking all fronts.

We need a conference call tomorrow. If you haven't talked to [REDACTED], call him today and let's get it set up. Check their availability and socialize CEOs's inclusion. I think their involvement would be good especially considering the fact the victim yesterday said JE asked her opinion about putting heads of adult females on child bodies and masturbating to the image. That's right up the CP alley and is good for an affidavit.

You saw my effort on the taint team TDYs. [REDACTED] is supportive and is checking on bringing people from CEOU. The A/SC is briefing the DAD this morning on the case.

Call me when you get to the office.

EFTA00037274

Thanks

New York Field Office
Criminal - Branch C
Desk
Cell

EFTA00037275