From: _______________ (NY) (FBI)* &lt; _______________ &gt;
To: _______________ (NY) (FBI)* &lt; _______________ &gt;, * _______________ (NY) (FBI)* &lt; _______________ &gt;
Subject: FW: CNN - _______________
Date: Fri, 26 Jul 2019 16:42:18 +0000
Importance: Normal
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

[Image of a 2D model image with text: "see below. Does this make any sense to you both?"]

Thanks --

From: NY
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:38 PM
To: _______________
Subject: Fw: CNN - _______________

Hello OPA,

This email was received from a person claiming to be from CNN.

Regards

FBI NY

---

Federal Bureau of Investigation
New York Division
26 Federal Plaza
New York, NY 10278
Phone: _______________
Email: _______________

From: Alsharif, Mirna &lt; _______________
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:34 PM
To: NY &lt; _______________
Subject: CNN - _______________

Hello,

My name is Mirna and I’m contacting you from CNN in New York.

We’ve seen reports that [Image of a 2D model image], who says she was sexually assaulted by Jeffrey Epstein in 1996, reported her assault to the FBI in 1996. Can you please verify this document’s existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report:

- A new victim has gone public in the Jeffrey Epstein case, filing a sworn affidavit in federal court in New York Tuesday, saying that she was sexually assaulted and her then-15-year-old sister molested by Epstein and his companion, Ghislaine Maxwell, in 1996.
[Image of a 2D model image] then 26, claims that she was employed by Epstein, a multimillionaire financier who lived in a vast mansion on New York’s Upper East Side, and that she frequently saw “school-age girls” wearing uniforms come into the mansion and go upstairs. She was told that the girls were auditioning for modeling work, according to her affidavit.
Then an art student in New York, [Image of a 2D model image]

EFTA00037306

Thank you and I look forward to hearing back from you.

Mirna Alsharif
CNN | NY Bureau
Desk: [Redacted]

EFTA00037307