EFT A00036589

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Draft language
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 12:28:29 +0000
Importance: Normal

Also, the two officers that we are putting on AL, one is scheduled off today already and the other didn't show (so far). So the urgency of putting them on AL is less if they are not there. This is checking on the schedule of the others.

&gt;&gt;&gt; /12/2019 8:10 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thanks. And please confirm the work schedules of those COs in question. Their recent over tone and the time the worked leading up to the incident.

On Aug 12, 2019, at 5:28 AM, Hugh Hurwitz wrote:
Yes, and I had already discussed that and he will have info this morning.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date:
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Draft language

Thanks. This is helpful. We can talk tomorrow about the timing.
It will also be helpful to get some information about staffing at MCC. I've seen additional press reports trying to link the staffing shortages, overtime and this incident.
Thanks,

From:
Sent: Sunday, August 11, 2019 12:28:04
To:
Cc:
Subject: Draft language

as discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to ensure staff are notified first, and I should let my Executive Staff know so they are not taken off guard as they will no doubt get a lot of questions from their staff and other wardens. Also note that the Warden just called and told him the US Attorney is meeting with him at 10 am tomorrow. So this probably should be some time after that interview.
Preferred:

Today, the Bureau of Prisons placed two staff who work in MCC NY on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the apparent suicide of Jeffrey Epstein. Additional actions may be taken as the circumstances of the investigations warrant.

A more detailed version of above could read:

Today, the Bureau of Prisons placed on administrative leave the two staff who worked in the Special Housing Unit at MCC NY pending the outcome of the investigation into the apparent suicide of Jeffrey Epstein.

Additional actions may be taken as the circumstances of the investigations warrant.

If a third staff member is added either version can be changed to read “three.”

If the [redacted] is added, the following is proposed:

The Bureau of Prisons also temporarily reassigned the [redacted] pending the outcome of the investigation. [redacted] of the MCC NY.

While I prefer not to state the [redacted] is name in this release, if you decide it needs to be added, his name is [redacted]

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

EFTA00036590