18:22

#

#

9+

3 required field(s)

remaining

Start

story, it will be very hard to argue that everyone's story is untrue. (For a good example, read New York Magazine's *Tin No Longer Afraid*: 35 Women Tell Their Stories About Being Assaulted by Bill Cosby, and the Culture That Wouldn't Listen https://tinyurl.com/35CosbyAccusers).

Furthermore, if the jury hears multiple cases where the abuse survivor failed for many years to fully confront the effects of the abuse, it will help them understand that common phenomenon. Likewise, defendants are more likely to lack credibility with a jury, for example, when arguing they should not have realized victims were in danger in the face of overwhelming evidence that multiple victims were being abused by the same person(s). Lastly, the stronger a case becomes, the more likely the defendant will agree to a reasonable and early settlement.

If you decide not to join forces with other plaintiffs, we will still try to offer evidence from other abuse survivors for the reasons described above, but the defendant(s) will most likely vigorously try to exclude that evidence. On some level, having multiple plaintiffs in the same case makes it easier for the judge to see why the evidence should be admitted.

## REASONS AGAINST JOINING MULTIPLE PLAINTIFFS IN THE SAME CASE

It is possible that a weak case or unsympathetic plaintiff will drag down other stronger cases or more sympathetic plaintiffs. No two cases have the same value, same losses, or same damages, which is why our Firm has generally recommended against class action lawsuits in child sex abuse cases, at least as to damages. Thus, a person with a particularly strong case may not want his or her case "diluted" by weaker cases. In addition, joining together in one case puts everyone's "eggs in one basket." Although juries are instructed to consider each case on its own merits, something bad about one of the plaintiffs could negatively affect all of the plaintiffs.

In addition, each plaintiff loses some measure of control over their individual case and over the aggregate costs. While you always have the right to decide whether to resolve your case, such as whether to accept a settlement or whether to go through a jury trial, some procedural decisions will likely have to be made by a vote. There may be many such decisions during a case and there may be possible disagreement and hurt feelings. You must agree in advance to participate in joint decision making and to abide by decisions that you might not agree with.

In addition, there is always the risk that a jury might have difficulty keeping the facts straight if it hears evidence about multiple plaintiffs in the same case.

Lastly, when you join with other plaintiffs, it is possible that the resolution of your case might be delayed by a development in one or more of the other cases.

## OUR REASONS FOR REPRESENTING MULTIPLE CLIENTS

One advantage of representing multiple clients is that the work of our Firm will benefit multiple people at the same time. For example, we often spend considerable time and resources working to find evidence to hold the defendant(s) liable for what our clients endured. Similarly, we often find

A

#

.na4.documents.adobe.com

C

&lt;

#

#

#

EFTA00037144