Event: Nolle conference

Start Date: 2019-08-27 14:30:00 +0000

End Date: 2019-08-27 15:00:00 +0000

Organizer: (USANYS) @usdoj.gov&gt;

Location: 500 Pearl, Courtroom 17B

Class: X-PERSONAL

Date Created: 2019-08-21 13:53:51 +0000

Date Modified: 2019-08-28 16:19:09 +0000

Priority: 5

DTSTAMP: 2019-08-21 13:52:56 +0000

Attendee: (USANYS) @usdoj.gov&gt;; (USANYS) @usdoj.gov&gt;; (NY) (FBI) @fbi.gov&gt;; @nypd.org&gt;

This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended.

***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply.

U.S. District Court

Southern District of New York

Notice of Electronic Filing

The following transaction was entered on 8/21/2019 at 8:49 AM EDT and filed on 8/21/2019

Case Name: USA v. Epstein

Case Number: 1:19-cr-00490-RMB

Filer:

Document Number: 48

Docket Text:

ORDER as to Jeffrey Epstein ( Status Conference set for 8/27/2019 at 10:30 AM before Judge Richard M. Berman) The Court will conduct a brief hearing on Tuesday, August 27, 2019 at

EFTA00037872

10:30 a.m. in connection with the nolle prosequi order proposed to the Court on August 19, 2019 by the United States Attorney. The Court believes that where, as here, a defendant has died before any judgment has been entered against him, the public may still have an informational interest in the process by which the prosecutor seeks dismissal of an indictment. At the hearing, Counsel for the Government and for the deceased Defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, will be heard. Counsel for the victims and the victims will also be heard, if they wish to be. The hearing will be held in Courtroom 17B. (Signed by Judge Richard M. Berman on 8/21/2019)(jw)

EFTA00037873