EFTA00037281

From: _________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Re: CNN - _________________________________________
Date: Mon, 29 Jul 2019 15:38:26 +0000
Importance: Normal
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Correct. We will likely be speaking with both of them.

From: _________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, July 29, 2019 11:35 AM
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Re: CNN - _________________________________________

Are you going to interview both of them or just ______? Looks like ______ was an underage victim not ______, am I right?

From: _________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, July 29, 2019 11:12 AM
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: Fwd: Re: CNN - _________________________________________

Yes we know her. Her younger sister ______ was interviewed by FBI in the Palm Beach investigation. We are working with ______ attorney to set up a time to meet with her.

On Jul 29, 2019 10:30 AM, "____________________" &lt;____________________ &gt; wrote:
See below, you guys know this person?

SSA _________________________________________________________
FBI New York

--- Forwarded message ---

From: _________________________________________________________
Date: Jul 29, 2019 10:25 AM
Subject: Re: CNN - _________________________________________
To: "____________________," "____________________," &lt;____________________&gt;
Cc: _________________________________________________________

Does the team know this victim? Does she show up in Sentinel?

The 2006-2007 reference may be because MM interviewed her as part of their investigation.

ASAC _________________________________________________________
New York Field Office
Criminal - Branch C

From: _________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:42:18 PM
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: CNN - _________________________________________

____________________ - see below. Does this make any sense to you both?
Thanks

From: NY
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:38 PM
To: _________________________________________________________
Subject: Fw: CNN - _________________________________________

Hello OPA,
This email was received from a person claiming to be from CNN.
Regards

FBI NY

Federal Bureau of Investigation
New York Division
26 Federal Plaza
New York, NY 10278
Phone: [redacted]
Email: [redacted]

From: Alsharif, Mirna &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:34 PM
To: NY &lt; [redacted] &gt; -
Subject: CNN - [redacted]

Hello,

My name is Mirna and I'm contacting you from CNN in New York.

We've seen reports that a [redacted] who says she was sexually assaulted by Jeffrey Epstein in 1996, reported her assault to the FBI in 1996. Can you please verify this document's existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report:

- A new victim has gone public in the Jeffrey Epstein case, filing a sworn affidavit in federal court in New York Tuesday, saying that she was sexually assaulted and her then-15-year-old sister molested by Epstein and his companion, Ghislaine Maxwell, in 1996.
[redacted] then 26, claims that she was employed by Epstein, a multimillionaire financier who lived in a vast mansion on New York's Upper East Side, and that she frequently saw "school-age girls" wearing uniforms come into the mansion and go upstairs. She was told that the girls were auditioning for modeling work, according to her affidavit.
Then an art student in New York: [redacted]

Thank you and I look forward to hearing back from you.

Mirna Alsharif
CNN | NY Bureau
Desk: [redacted]

EFTA00037282