We installed HF only on windows 10 work stations not on the AMS we get the database error but you can remote into AMS and make needed changes under admin tab or make changes on the AMS itself..the AMS runs on a windows server program and doesn't require Hotfix to run...

Electronics Technician
FCI Sandstone
2300 County Road 29
Sandstone, MN 55072

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/9/2019 6:26 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
One other thing that happened after the new version was installed. The colors on the AMS and 1 workstation (the Captains) are way off. Yellow comes in as Light Blue and Red comes in as Purple. I've tried all the settings on the AMS and the computers themselves. No luck. Jeff McKenzie is also working on this problem with Qognify if anyone else is having a similar issue.

Department of Justice
FBOP, FDC - Houston

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/8/2019 12:51 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Restarting the AMS was the first thing I tried. Unfortunately, that did not fix the issue. I spoke to a couple of different comm
techs who gave me some guidance on what worked for them. I'm trying some different things now and will update the
group if I find a solution. Thanks for everyone's input and help.

FCI Otisville
Two Mile Dr.
Otisville, NY 10963

&gt;&gt;&gt; On 8/8/2019 at 1:44 PM, in message &lt;5D4C5F7B.2E7 : 142 : 58704&gt;, wrote:
See below response from Jeff:
Can you respond to the email string and let them know to restart the AMS server and retry the Administrator
application? I just spoke with Qognify and the guy that taught the Qognify/NICE Vision training at FCC Allenwood
experienced the same thing and had to reboot the AMS and it fixed the issue. He is checking with R&amp;D to see if there
is a deeper issue as to what could be causing it. Thank you.

Jeffrey McKenzie | Senior Customer Support Technician
SigNet Technologies | Convergint Federal Solutions
12300 Kiln Ct Suite E, Beltsville, MD 20705

This e-mail and any attachments to it are intended only for the identified recipients. It may contain proprietary or otherwise legally protected

EFTA00036164

information of SigNet Technologies, Inc. Any unauthorized use or disclosure of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately.

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/8/2019 12:19 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Yep. Same exact issue here in Houston. It happened after we loaded the latest update. Might be a pain, but if you still have a copy of the old AppSuite you could load it just long enough to unlock the work station and then go back to the newest version until we can get some support.

Department of Justice
FBOP, FDC - Houston

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/8/2019 11:13 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hello,

Looking for some help or advice from anyone using NICEVision. I just tried logging into Administrator to unlock an account and I get a pop up that states "Database Error." I click "ok," and it closes the application. I'm getting the error on the AMS as well as a BOPNet computer that is running the NICEVision software. I reached out to Justin Houston but he is out of the office and I haven't heard back from anyone at the tech support number he left. If anyone has any ideas or has experienced this error, I'd appreciate any advice or guidance to fix it.

Thanks in advance.

Electronics Technician
FCI Otisville
Two Mile Dr.
Otisville, NY 10963

EFTA00036165