From: _____________________________________________________________
To: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record
Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2019 14:59:27 +0000
Importance: Normal
Inline-Images: pastedImage.png

PS:

Re: Search Warrant
If you know the date(s) of travel (to Little St James), please let me know asap, so I can get necessary approvals to travel.

Are you guys bringing cameras?

I will need to inventory and photograph any assets of value, especially if the assets were used to facilitate the violations.

Squad C-40 (FAST)
Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)
(o)

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, August 8, 2019 9:13:52 AM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Hi _________________:
If you look at the Quitclaim Deed dated 12/23/2011, see the below paragraph. The "Grantor" in 2011 is L.S.J LLC (Epstein).

I could not pull the 1998 Deed on line, but clearly, L.S.J LLC (Grantor) first received the title on 04/27/1998.

Being the same premises conveyed to Grantor by Warranty Deed dated April 27, 1998 and recorded May 15, 1998 in Book 49-T, Page 494 Doc. No. 1988 and entered in Aux 52, Page 141 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds for St. Thomas and St. John, U.S. Virgin Islands.

EFTA00037750

EFTA00037751

Squad C-40 (FAST)
Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)
(0)

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 3:45:55 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Hey
Are you able to pull the deed from the time period 2002-2005?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 07, 2019 9:51 AM
To:
Subject: Little St James Island - Last Deed of Record

Attached is Last Deed of Record for Little St James Island, dated 12/23/2011, from L.S.J. LLC to Nautilus Inc.

The sole beneficial owner and President of Nautilus Inc is Jeffrey E. Epstein.

Squad C-40 (FAST) Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)
(0)