From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: Fwd: RE: Gulfstream GV-SP, N212JE (N331JE)
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 17:30:26 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: 331JE_registration.pdf; N331JE_picture.docx

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Date: Aug 14, 2019 10:39 PM
Subject: RE: Gulfstream GV-SP, N212JE (N331JE)
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Cc:

here's another aircraft linked to EPSTEIN also registered by VISOSKI but to Hyperion Air LLC, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Island.
Bell 430 helicopter, N331JE.

I also attached a picture of helo N331JE.

cheers,

From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 6:23 PM
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: Gulfstream GV-SP, N212JE

I appreciate the heads up brother. I'll make sure this gets forwarded on to the case agents. Interestingly enough, I remember that plane from when I was in San Juan division and use to see it on the signature ramp at St Thomas when we would fly over. One of the agents pointed it out to me as belonging to Epstein, back then.

On Aug 14, 2019 6:16 PM, " _______________________________________________________________ " wrote:

fysa.

I just heard that N212JE was owned by Jeffrey Epstein and is in a hangar at the Cobb County airport (KRYY) in Kennesaw, Georgia.
Flight plans indicate N212JE operated on July 07, 2019 from Paris, France to Teterboro, NJ then on July 11, 2019 it operated from
Teterboro, NJ to Brunswick, GA (KBQK).
It would not be unusual for this aircraft to have operated from Brunswick to Kennesaw without a flight plan.

I attached the pertinent aircraft registration records for N212JE.
The aircraft has been registered since March 2017 to;

EFTA00037862

Plan D LLC

St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Island

The registrant was Lawrence VISOSKI, he signed as Manager

I believe he is Lawrence Paul VISOSKI Jr. he is a pilot phone:

I don't see EPSTEIN name on any of the paperwork.

There is open source reporting that VISOSKI was a pilot for EPSTEIN.

I also attached a picture of N212JE.

Special Agent

Federal Aviation Administration

Law Enforcement Assistance Program

EFTA00037863