From:
To:

Subject: Re: Draft language

Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 10:01:28 +0000

Importance: Normal

Will do.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 8/12/19 5:31 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: Fwd: Draft language

&gt;&gt;&gt; 08/12/2019 05:31 &gt;&gt;&gt;
In addition to details on those two staff, please pull total staffing info, number vacancies, AWOL, long term leave, etc. Also, status of current hiring and progress we have made.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 8/11/19 11:17 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Draft language

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/11/2019 23:12 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thanks. This is helpful. We can talk tomorrow about the timing.

It will also be helpful to get some information about staffing at MCC. I've seen additional press reports trying to link the staffing shortages, overtime and this incident.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Sunday, August 11, 2019 9:53 PM
To:

EFTA00036641

Cc:
Subject: Draft language

As discussed, several options are below. Please note that we should discuss timing of all this. I will need to ensure staff are notified first, and I should let my Executive Staff know so they are not taken off guard as they will no doubt get a lot of questions from their staff and other wardens. Also note that the Warden just called and told him the US Attorney is meeting with him at 10 am <calendar:t1:10%20am> tomorrow <calendar:t5:tomorrow>. So this probably should be some time after that interview.

## Preferred:

Today<calendar:t5:today>, the Bureau of Prisons placed two staff who work in MCC NY on administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the apparent suicide of Jeffrey Epstein. Additional actions may be taken as the circumstances of the investigations warrant.

## A more detailed version of above could read:

Today<calendar:t5:today>, the Bureau of Prisons placed on administrative leave the two staff who worked in the Special Housing Unit at MCC NY pending the outcome of the investigation into the apparent suicide of Jeffrey Epstein. Additional actions may be taken as the circumstances of the investigations warrant.

If a third staff member is added either version can be changed to read “three.”

If the [redacted] is added, the following is proposed:

The Bureau of Prisons also temporarily reassigned the [redacted] pending the outcome of the investigation. [redacted] has been named. [redacted]

While I prefer not to state the [redacted] name in this release, if you decide it needs to be added, his name is [redacted]

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

EFTA00036642</calendar:t5:tomorrow></calendar:t5:t0></calendar:t5:t0:10%20am>