From: " " " &lt;

To: " " " &lt;

Subject: Fwd: New Overtime Procedures

Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 16:25:58 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: TEXT.htm

Warden:

This is what I currently have on file.

C.

Captain

Metropolitan Correctional Center

150 Park Row

New York, NY 10007

Office:

Blackberry

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/14/2019 12:24 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Here are the current procedures for MCC.

C

Captain

Metropolitan Correctional Center

150 Park Row

New York, NY 10007

Office:

Blackberry

&gt;&gt;&gt; 1/4/2019 10:31 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Captain,

When you return on Monday, this must be reiterated with ALL Lieutenants and enforced. Thanks.

D

Associate Warden

MCC New York

150 Park Row

New York, New York 10007

Office:

BlackBerry:

&gt;&gt;&gt; 1/4/2019 10:08 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hi guys,

Today I was Acting Captain and it was bought to the Operation's Lieutenant's attention as well as management that the current overtime procedures are not being implemented. Please get back to the current hiring procedures that were put into place back in May and fill as much of the overtime as possible. Hopefully this will eliminate us having so many vacancies on the roster although we know there are no guarantees. Additionally, D/W Ops. (Sunday) and E/W Ops. (Wednesday) please

EFTA00036411

annotate in your daily lieutenant's log that the overtime hiring procedures were completed. Thank you as always for a job well done!

&gt;&gt;&gt; 5/25/2018 9:09 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Reminder of procedures in place.

1) Each Wednesday, the D/W Operations Lieutenant will fill overtime for the following Sunday utilizing the overtime sign up list. Once the overtime sign up list has been exhausted any remaining vacancies can be filled with anyone that volunteers. If the D/W Lieutenant is not able to complete filling Sunday's overtime vacancies, during their shift on Wednesday, the E/W Operations Lieutenant will finish whatever is remaining.

2) Each Sunday, the D/W Operations Lieutenant will fill all overtime vacancies for the week (Monday thru Saturday) utilizing the overtime sign up list. Once the overtime sign up list has been exhausted any remaining vacancies can be filled with anyone that volunteers. If the D/W Lieutenant is not able to complete filling overtime vacancies for the week, on Sunday, the E/W Operations Lieutenant will finish whatever is remaining.

3) On Saturday and Sunday, PRIOR TO MANDATING STAFF, the Operations Lieutenant on each shift will have the Control Center send a message via the Ops Planner to all staff announcing there is overtime available. The announcement will only be done once, per shift, and if there are no volunteers after the announcement is made you will begin mandating staff.

EFTA00036412