From:
To:

Subject: Re: Recording capability.
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 17:06:22 +0000
Importance: Normal

Boss,

I think we have a viable plan. I know that you are extremely busy, so If you can let me know when is a good time to talk. Below you will find a brief synopsis.

- It is looking like MCC will have some recording by the end of the day today and the rest by the end of day tomorrow.
- The new recording system will not be on the BOPNET but will have local recording/viewing capabilities.
- In order to get the system on the BOPNET and get the additional digital cameras installed, I am recommending that we bring 6 electricians to finish running conduit and 2 Comm techs TDY to run the fiber. This would be their only mission. I am estimating that if this happens they will work 12 hour days and it should take 4-6 weeks once work begins.

So when you have time please let me know and ill give you a call and explain everything that needs to be accomplished.

I told the Facility Manager to get with the [redacted] and let him know what is going on and maybe you can all talk together also as an option.

8/13/2019 8:13 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Thanks [redacted] Let me know their recording capabilities later today and if we need to get Central Office involved in procurement or technical assistance.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From [redacted]
Date: 8/12/19 9:02 PM (GMT-05:00)
To [redacted]

Subject: Re: Recording capability.

08/12/2019 21:02 &gt;&gt;&gt;

Signet will be on site tomorrow to try and connect the new NVR's.

I spoke with the facility manager earlier this evening. We will know more once they arrive.

EFTA00036563

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

From:
Date: 8/12/19 8:43 PM /GMT-05:00
To:
Subject: Re: Recording capability.

&gt;&gt; 08/12/2019 20:43 &gt;&gt;&gt;
So they're taking the NVR? Do we know the make/model so that as an option we could get with the vendor and get an emergency replacement?

"Sent from a geospatial location known only by Skynet . . . err, Google" 🤗

From:
Date: 8/12/19 8:20 PM /GMT-05:00
To:
Subject: Recording capability.

&gt;&gt;&gt; 08/12/2019 20:20 &gt;&gt;&gt;
The FBI is going to be retrieving the previous recordings from or camera system at MCC, but because we were having difficulty retrieving the recordings, they have told us the recording capabilities will be off line for up to 8-10 days while they retrieve this data. We will still have live viewing/monitoring. My question: are there options for remote recording from another location, or do we possess other equipment that can be connected to the system while the current recording capabilities are off line?

cc: NER Facl Manager.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

EFTA00036564