HOPEFJUSTICE

Change lives. End slavery.

# Memorandum

From: Ben Nivens, Lead Investigator
Hope for Justice, Inc.

Date: August 1, 2019

Re: Alleged Sex Trafficking ICO:
DOB:

# Interim Report of Investigation

On , investigators received a phone call from who was referred by to Hope for Justice, Nashville, TN. stated she had been sexually trafficked by when she was approximately 5 years old and again when she was 17 years old. wanted to know if her allegation could be investigated. was contacted by Hope for Justice's Team Lead, Richard Schoeberl, who set an appointment with for an interview on . On provided she grew up in and attended school in . SHE further provided her "parents".

, stated she has recalled being forced to live under the house in a crawl space and at times were made to live there as well. SHE stated at around the age of 5-6 years old, ( SHE was taken to Florida where trafficked her to . SHE recalled there was a number of young kids there and would recognize the area if seen again.

further stated when she was 17 years old, to the U.S. Virgin Islands where she was "sold" again to .

Hope for Justice
Nashville, TN 37228

615-356-0946 | hopeforjustice.org | info.us@hopeforjustice.org

Hope for Justice is a 501(c)(3) not for profit company in the USA

EFTA00037900

HOPE JUSTICE

Change lives. End slavery.

During this encounter with [REDACTED], recalled being taken downstairs to a room that looked like a horse stall that had short walls where she and other little girls were viewed and forced to have sex with [REDACTED] and other men. SHE recalled one man in his 30's, with brown hair and wheel chair bound, who gave instructions to the other men as to what they should do to the girls. [REDACTED] and berated by [REDACTED] calling HER an animal and HIS having sex with HIM would make HER status better because HE was perfect.

[REDACTED] stated to the investigators, [REDACTED] continued their trafficking of her until she was 30 years old and SHE broke away with the assistance of a Christian couple. SHE believes [REDACTED] were trafficked at times but they as well as HER had outwardly normal appearing lives-meaning: they attended school and were involved in school activities but were always treated differently at home. [REDACTED] provided [REDACTED] was especially well thought of in the community but no one realized the secret life HE and [REDACTED] led.

[REDACTED] stated the reason she is coming forward is to help other women victimized by [REDACTED] over the years. SHE wants nothing more than to help. [REDACTED] has [REDACTED] on her time as a sex trafficking victim: [REDACTED].

SHE is a [REDACTED].

## Additional Information:

1. [REDACTED] is married to [REDACTED].
2. It is known that [REDACTED] and his wife, [REDACTED], is thought to reside at [REDACTED].
3. [REDACTED] resides in Dallas/FT Worth, TX
4. [REDACTED] resides in Raleigh, NC

**Conclusion:** It is the opinion of this investigator that [REDACTED] allegations involving [REDACTED] sexual exploitation and sex trafficking should be forwarded to the FBI's New York Field Office for inclusion to its investigative file on [REDACTED].

[REDACTED]

Hope for Justice
Nashville, TN 37228

Hope for Justice is a 501(c)(3) not for profit company in the USA

EFTA00037901