From:
To:

Subject: Fwd: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell -
Date: Thu, 10 Sep 2020 17:58:17 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: Screenshot_20200908-051559.png

---

Forwarded message

From:
Date: Sep 10, 2020 1:44 PM
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell -

Forwarding per our usual practice.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 9, 2020 10:03 AM
Subject: FW: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell -

From: S C
Sent: Wednesday, September 9, 2020 12:27 AM
To:
Subject: Cambridge Analytica / Trump / Royal Family / Epstein/Maxwell -

Dear
I am following the case against Ghislaine Maxwell with interest.
I understand that the many 'friends' of Epstein accused of abusing minors in court documents released in the Ghislaine Maxwell proceedings will all get an opportunity to defend themselves. In other words deny all wrongdoing.
I do not know if any accusations have been made about Nigel Oakes? He certainly runs in the same circles as Trump and enjoys protection from within the Royal family.
He abused me when I was a child in the UK. In front of my sisters.
If any young woman have named him directly then I can save them from being accused of lying. Nigel Oakes is a pedophile and a particularly bad one from my own experience.

EFTA00037679

I have tried to ascertain whether Nigel Oakes is on the Lolita Express flight logs but have not been able to download this data.

Rich pedophiles stick together and Nigel Oakes could easily know Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell socially and in business.

EFTA00037680