EFT A00037238

From: "Melvyn Kohn" &lt;&gt;
To: "Mark L. Epstein" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Jumas/name on roster
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 20:07:37 +0000

Mark,

Thank you for your prompt reply my apologies on my slowness.

Jumas I met once, in Lord Ahmed's chambers at Israel Shamir's book launch.

If I recall, he was distressed with the Turkish ambassador's remark that Palestine was a swamp.

Having lived in Turkey, I predicted then that Turkey would not long be an ally of Israel.

But that was my only contact with Jumas, if you are talking about the MK who is in a small party that I think has not presence in the Knesset. Haim Oron.

The only MK I have been close to lately is Sharon Haskell, the Likud member who convinced the Likud to make pot legal. I gave her a copy of one of my books, the one that was published in English. Pretty and single and hard to forget.

One would expect Hank to know him?

The names I mentioned, Bull and Erben, are relics. I am sure that they played a part here, but I was clutching at straws, almost certain you would not have heard of them, but I had to try. Bull died in 1990, Erben in 1985.

You may be correct that I am barking up the wrong tree, to some degree. Any insight you might have would be appreciated greatly.

One small suggestion, if you want to limit pesky journalists from your door - go to [redacted] and look at the tenants roster. 8CD has Anderson with Epstein next to it. It would be simple to remove your surname and limit the curiosity of the press.

A green van with NY plates, possibly a Ford, seems to be in your area a lot, I cannot presume it is up to anything bad, but what little info I have you are welcome to.

The person I mentioned on the phone is not the nice person you may think they are, neither is their spouse. They are keen on being secure in every way and have no limits to what they would do.

I do not like either of them. I may be barking up the wrong tree in some ways, and as I said, I welcome and corrections, but I do have a good idea of what is going on especially with that couple.

Best,

Melvyn