From:
To:

Subject: Fwd: BOP questions &amp; Co, thanks. Will take what you have at COB, rest tomorrow. Thks
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 19:59:26 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: MCC_NYM_2014-2019_by_yrmo.pdf

We need to compile these answers tonight. Can you collect this info from NER, IPPA and HRM? They each know their tasks as follows:

HRM: 1,2,3,6 (add PO1A to #7)
NER: 5,7,8,9,10
IPPA: 4 (see attached)

&gt;&gt; 8/13/2019 2:32 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
1. What are the Actual Authorized and Actual Current On-Board employee numbers for MCC New York? Also, can you provide snapshots of MCC auth vs. onboard staff for past three years (quarterly snapshots fine).
2. What are the Actual Authorized and Actual On-Board Correctional Officer numbers for MCC New York? Pls provide Correctional Officer count by PP last three FYs.
3. What is regular entry level grade and salary (with locality) of a entry level CO at the MCC?
4. Pls provide MCC Inmate count weekly for past 5 years (fiscal or calendar, your choice). Or, if weekly isn't convenient, whatever your standard reporting is will be OK. 3 years OK if you don't have 5 quickly.
5. What was the normal staff count supposed to be for Friday 8/9 night shift and overnight shift into Saturday 8/10? What was the actual staff count for those two shifts?
6. What 3R bonuses are being offered at MCC NY? How many staff have received them the past two FYs? How many current staff have received 3R bonuses?
7. This FY or last FY, did MCC New York request additional Correctional Officer positions or total positions from the Region and/or CO BOP, and if so, were they provided?
8. Does MCC New York generally use augmentation or overtime to address staffing shortages? We assume both. Does BOP have a rough breakdown of the usual split between the two?
9. Do you track mandatory vs. voluntary OT at MCC NY? If so, pls provide breakout of usage by PP this FY or readily available time period. (Is voluntary OT vs. mandatory OT coded differently in NFC? If so, we can run rpt here). If you need to ask the MCC for a breakout, skip this.
10. Does MCC use the traditional BOP "bid sheet" (or whatever the BOP term is) process whereby staff can sign up in advance for OT shifts? If so, do you save? Can you provide YTD data on how much requested OT has been used vs. total OT?

Pls answer what you can from Central Office, no intention of adding to work at MCC. Just let me know if you can't answer something because you'd have to ask the MCC. Thks

EFTA00036565