From:
To:
Subject: Re: Draft message to staff
Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2019 11:07:02 +0000
Importance: Normal

Yes. I'm struggling with this. I'll call you in little while...just waking up...

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 8/11/19 7:05 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: Re: Draft message to staff

&gt;&gt;&gt; 08/11/2019 07:05 &gt;&gt;&gt;
I like the concept but would remove certain portions that suggest we failed or you are responsible. While it appears at least 2 or 3 people failed, saying WE failed speaks to the 36K that did their jobs right. I do think we should get something out that reinforces our appreciation for the good work most are doing.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 8/10/19 9:00 PM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: Draft message to staff

&gt;&gt;&gt; 08/10/2019 21:08 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Below is a draft message to staff. I debate in my mind whether to send a message or not, but I am very concerned for our staff, and how we are all being criticized. I also think everyone needs a reminder to not let their guard down and do all aspects of their jobs. Thus, I think it is important to get a message such a this out. Each of you either have a role in this situation, or are overseeing other institutions, and I greatly value your opinions. I would like each of you to review this and provide me any feedback by the end of the weekend. If we do post a message, I will want to do that Monday morning. Feel free to call me tomorrow if you prefer. Thank you.

EFTA00036605

Draft:

As all of you have heard by now, one of our high profile inmates was found dead this weekend of an apparent suicide. The media and others are questioning how this could happen and some are jumping to conclusions. A number of investigations are being conducted to find out exactly what happened. The FBI and Inspector General are already onsite doing their work. We will follow up with a suicide reconstruction and after action review.

These investigations need to be allowed to come to their own conclusions. It is premature and inappropriate to be placing blame or speculating as to what may have happened or why. Appropriate steps will be taken once all the facts have been flushed out through these investigations. We have clear policies and procedures. If the investigations determine they were not followed then appropriate steps will be taken. Likewise, if it is determined that our policies and procedures are insufficient, then we will take immediate steps to improve those as well. Let me be clear, it is our job to safely confine all inmates in our custody. We failed to do that job. Period. However, we should not be speculating as to who did or did not do something. Ultimately, I am responsible for what happens in our facilities, and at this point in time, no-one should be blamed for this failure other than me. Instead of blaming or speculating, we all need to use this event as a reminder that every aspect of our jobs are important. Everyone needs to be on alert all day and night when on the job. Everyone needs to remember that people’s lives are at stake, and our actions or inactions can have dire consequences.

The work we do is difficult on the best of days. The scrutiny we are all under right now, will only add stress and make our jobs more difficult. Please be sure we all watch each others backs and help everyone do their jobs, and most importantly, that everyone remains safe and goes home at the end of each shift. I remain in awe of the great work you do every day, and you have, and will always have, my support and appreciation.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

EFTA00036606