To:

Subject: FW: SCN - Limited Distribution

Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2019 14:31:05 +0000

Importance: Normal

All,

Please use the below EAN for the upcoming travel to St. Thomas. Separate approval will be needed for vehicle rentals which will be authorized on a limited basis, so contact me if necessary.

Thanks,

From:

Sent: Wednesday, August 07, 2019 7:15 PM

To:

Subject: RE: SCN - Limited Distribution

Thank you

CACHTU approves of the operational travel outlined below for approximately 40 FBI NY personnel.

Please use EAN # 457356.1.

Thank you,

On Aug 7, 2019 7:04 PM, "  &gt; wrote:

All but one of the co-conspirators has been served. The one is a British citizen and is currently out of pocket. There are no significant developments in the case to report other than the planned search warrant in the Virgin Islands. Victim and witness interviews are ongoing, CART is processing the digital media seized from his residence which is close to being ready for review, and SDNY is working with lawyers on co-conspirator cooperation.

As for the search operation in the Virgin Islands, see attached tentative travel plans with personnel lists. We are sending RDT down tomorrow to begin working on logistics like securing lodging for the entire team, working on transportation to and from the airport, coordinating with CBP and the Coast Guard regarding transportation from St. Thomas to Epstein's island (Little St. James), etc. Also, securing transportation of vehicles that will be needed to conduct the search on the island, as well as food, water, supplies, etc. We are coordinating with SSRA , St. Thomas RA (San Juan Division) regarding coordination with those entities above as well as the local authorities.

We are sending the case agents down to St. Thomas tomorrow to swear out the warrant on Friday, and to have them conduct a few key interviews of employees we want with us on the island during the search. If the warrant is signed, we plan on having the rest of the team fly down on Sunday 8/11 on the FBI Q400 plane, arriving around 7pm Sunday night. We will then execute the warrant at 6am Monday morning. The island is a 70+ acre property with several small structures and one large house, we anticipate being able to knock the search out in 1-3 days, depending on what we find. Please let me know if you have any questions.

EFTA00037401

EFTA00037402

Thanks,

SSA
Squad C-20
Crimes Against Children/Human Trafficking
FBI New York
office
mobile

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 07, 2019 1:04 PM
To:
Subject: Fwd: SCN - Limited Distribution

Per email I just sent, actually have an SCN updated as of July 26 with info regarding Island search. Please see attached.

Thanks,

Forwarded message
From: "  "  "  &lt;
Date: Jul 25, 2019 4:49 PM
Subject: SCN - Limited Distribution
To:
Cc:

Please see attached SCN regarding Epstein. I will also send the SCN to you on the high side.

Thank you,

SSA
Violent Crimes Section
Crimes Against Children Human Trafficking Unit (CACHTU)
- Desk
- Cell