To: " ________________ &gt;, "
Subject: RE: Press Conference
Date: Wed, 29 Jan 2020 19:48:09 +0000
Importance: Normal

The press conference with SDNY on Monday was hosted by Safe Horizons for the purpose of raising awareness for New York State's Child Victims Act. Safe Horizons is a victim services non-profit organization. The press conference had nothing to do with the Epstein investigation, and while I have not seen the press conference nor have I read a transcript of what was said, I do not believe the case was discussed in any detail with the exception of one remark about Prince Andrew. The FBI was not involved in the decision to hold the press conference in front of Epstein's residence and I could not comment on why that decision was made. If any of the victims have a concern over things said during the press conference

From: ________________ (DO) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 2:30 PM
To: ________________ &gt;; ________________ &gt;
Subject: RE: Press Conference

Thanks, ________________ I understand and have reiterated what ________________ said to the VS. The victim she is working with stays in contact with the victim in Australia. The victim in her AOR wanted to know why the victims weren't notified. Can she reiterate ________________ response or do you prefer to have something written down that she can read off to the victim. I want to make sure this is message properly.

From: ________________
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 2:27 PM
To: ________________ &gt;; ________________ &gt;
Subject: RE: Press Conference

Thank you for the update. As I'm sure ________________ has told you, this was not an Epstein related press conference, nor any type of update for the ongoing case. It was exactly what ________________ had said; a question was asked about Prince Andrew and the US Attorney responded.

FYSA, I have not received any calls/contact from victims or attorneys that have kept in steady contact with us on the New York end of things. I'll keep in touch with ________________ to handle anything that may come this way.

Thanks again,

From: ________________ (DO) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 1:31 PM
To: ________________ &gt;, ________________ &gt;
Subject: FW: Press Conference

and

EFTA00037415

I wanted you to be aware of an email that was inadvertently sent to me; however, I instructed the VS that if she has questions/concerns about this IF the victims are still inquiring, it needs to be routed through [redacted] since she is the lead VS on this case and [redacted] can discuss it with you two. You need to take no action with this VS at this time, but wanted you to be aware.

Thanks,

From: [redacted], (DO) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 1:26 PM
To: [redacted] (SE) (FBI) [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]
Subject: RE: Press Conference

I think you sent this to me by mistake as you were directing it to the case agent, [redacted]; however, in my previous response to you, I directed that you do the following:

Please see below from the SSA who is responsible for this case:

I have not seen or heard the contents of the press conference but it is my understanding that it had nothing to do with the Epstein case. It was simply a press conference to raise awareness for human trafficking. I can't imagine who thought it was a good idea to do it in front of Epsteins house and I think that showed extremely poor judgment. However, I do not believe the case was discussed in any detail with the exception of one remark about Prince Andrew. I am confident that the prosecution team was not aware of this press conference, and was equally as upset as we were. I mentioned the press conference to the SAC and the ADIC today and they were not pleased.

Please let me know if the victims express concerns about not being notified, but don't go seeking their input on this press conference.

I don't want you to add fuel to the fire. If the victims still are inquiring about it, that is a conversation that needs to be had with the case agent, but the questions should be coming from VS [redacted], as this is her case.

Thank you,

From: [redacted] (SE) (FBI)
Sent: Wednesday, January 29, 2020 12:55 PM
To: [redacted]
Subject: Press Conference

Wanted to let you know that my victim, [redacted], reached out to me to let me know that she and some of the other Epstein victims (who were unspecified) were extremely upset that they were not notified of the press conference.

She and I communicated a fair bit about it that day and she is fine now, in part, because I told her that I would find out what happened and try to remediate the situation so that it didn't happen again.

I am well aware that the situation was the result of poor judgment and lack of communication on the part of the USAO. As such, how would you like me to frame this for the victim(s) that I am getting back to? While

EFTA00037416

unfortunately we cannot control others' actions (and thus cannot reassure them that this won't happen again) is this being addressed by the higher ups??? Like, ffs people...

Frankly, I don't think it inappropriate to let them know where the breakdown occurred and let them know that they (or their attorneys) can provide feedback to, and take it up with, [redacted] and his office.

As the case agent, how would you like me to proceed?

Many thanks.

[redacted] Ph.D.
FBI
Seattle Division
Bellingham Resident Agency
[redacted] mobile

EFTA00037417