Simone Lelchuk, Claims Administrator
Epstein Survivors' Settlement Fund JPM
c/o Frejka PLLC
New York, New York 10022

January 16, 2024

VIA EMAIL ( )

c/o Marsh Law Firm
31 Hudson Yards, Eleventh Floor
New York, NY 10002

Re: Jane Doe 1 v. JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Case No. 22-cv-10019 (JSR)

Dear Ms. ,

Thank you for trusting me to evaluate your claims as part of the Epstein Survivors' Settlement Fund JPM (the "Epstein JPM Fund"). It has been an honor to be the Claims Administrator in this matter. Given the difficult nature of this process, please take care of yourself after reading this letter and seek support as needed. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein have the meaning set forth and defined in the Stipulation of Settlement dated June 22, 2023 (the "JPM Stipulation") [ECF No. 181-1].

I have fully evaluated all Questionnaires and Releases submitted to me from Participating Claimants and this letter ("Determination Notice") constitutes notice of your Allocated Amount.

After considering your Questionnaire and Release using the guidelines and evaluation factors enumerated in Section 5.2 of the JPM Stipulation and the totality of the circumstances, I have determined your Allocated Amount is One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00). Massive, LLC has advised that there is no withholding required as a result of medical liens and your distribution will be made upon receipt of signed payment instructions. Please execute the attached form to indicate where your Allocated Amount should be wired.

Per Section 5.4 of the JPM Stipulation, the Allocated Amount determined for each Participating Claimant is final and non-appealable.

The payment that will be made from the Epstein JPM Fund to you is intended to be for damages for personal physical injuries or physical sickness or emotional distress from physical sickness or physical injuries. Accordingly, you will not be issued an IRS Form 1099 and recommend that you seek advice based on your particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor to confirm that the payment is excludable from taxable gross income under 26 U.S.C. § 104(a)(2) or, if applicable, under the laws of your home country.

EFTA00037059

January 16, 2024
Page 2 of 2

If you have any questions or concerns about this Determination Notice you may contact me at [redacted] or counsel by phone at [redacted] or email at [redacted]. The JPM Stipulation and referenced sections herein can be found at www.epsteinSSFJPM.com under the Case Documents tab.

I also want to take this opportunity to let you know that the U.S. Virgin Islands (“GVI”) has established a mental health fund (the “Mental Health Fund”) to provide a financial resource for mental health services for survivors of Jeffrey Epstein that I will be administering. As a Class Member of both the Epstein DB Fund and the Epstein JPM Fund, you are eligible to apply for approved mental health treatment as recommended by a mental health provider. Information about the Mental Health Fund and instructions for submitting an application and treatment plan can be found at the dedicated website set up for this fund: www.USVIMentalHealthFund.com. The Mental Health Fund will launch on January 16, 2024.

Respectfully,

Simone Lelchuk

EFTA00037060