U.S. Department of Justice

Federal Bureau of Prisons

Metropolitan Correctional Center

150 Park Row

New York, New York 10007

August 13, 2019

MEMORANDUM FOR [REDACTED], WARDEN

FROM: [REDACTED], FACILITIES MANAGER

SUBJECT: CAMERA PROJECT / RECORDERING

On Saturday August 10, 2019 I was informed that there was no recording of the closed circuit cameras (CCTV) from recorder 2 (Nice). I had Electronic Technician [REDACTED] see about getting the recorder operational again by replacing the two (2) hard drivers and start the rebuilding process. Mr. [REDACTED] called Signet Technologies to make sure what he was doing was correct and not going to make the problem worse. As the process of the rebuilding of the records the FBI came to the institution to retrieve all video needed. They took all eighteen (18) hard drives, two bad ones that were being replaced and the sixteen (16) that were in the RAID. While this was happening I made phone calls to Steve Smith from Signet Technologies to see about getting a technician from Signet to come to the institution to get the new CCTV equipment up and recording. On Sunday August 11, 2019 Steve Smith called me back and informed me that a technician will be on site Monday afternoon, Mr. Smith informed me to get Mr. [REDACTED] to get all the new equipment on the racks and ready for when Jeff McKenzie arrives. On Monday August 12, 2019 Jeff McKenzie from Signet arrived and started to look at the existing and new equipment with Mr. [REDACTED]. While they were looking the FBI came back and had question on how the system worked and information about the old equipment. Mr. McKenzie assisted with them on how to download what they were asking for. Since it was taking so long to download the Agents left and would return the next day to pick up what was downloaded.

On Tuesday August 13, 2019 I had a teleconference with Signet Technologies, Steve Smith, Jeff McKenzie, Northeast Regional Staff [REDACTED], MCC staff [REDACTED], and myself to figure the best and fastest way to get the recording of cameras at the institution. During the conversation of what took place we found out that when the FBI took the sixteen (16) hard drives out of the RAID without it finishing the rebuild it might have corrupted any data on the drives. Signet also told us that they would be able to get us recording of the operational cameras by August 14, 2019.

EFTA00036136