From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Subject: Fwd: Gulfstream GV-SP, N212JE
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 16:24:37 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: N212JE.docx; N212JE_picture.docx

Hi ________________________________________________________________

From FAA, and I worked together regarding drones during the super bowl. He reached out yesterday with the info below. If you guys already had this I apologize for cluttering up your email. If there is anything else you need, just let me know.

From: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Date: Aug 14, 2019 6:16 PM
Subject: Gulfstream GV-SP, N212JE
To: " _______________________________________________________________ "
Cc: " _______________________________________________________________ "

fysa.

I just heard that N212JE was owned by Jeffrey Epstein and is in a hangar at the Cobb County airport (KRYY) in Kennesaw, Georgia.

Flight plans indicate N212JE operated on July 07, 2019 from Paris, France to Teterboro, NJ then on July 11, 2019 it operated from

Teterboro, NJ to Brunswick, GA (KBQK).

It would not be unusual for this aircraft to have operated from Brunswick to Kennesaw without a flight plan.

EFTA00037855

I attached the pertinent aircraft registration records for N212JE.

The aircraft has been registered since March 2017 to;

Plan D LLC

St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Island

The registrant was Lawrence VISOSKI, he signed as Manager

I believe he is Lawrence Paul VISOSKI Jr. dob he is a pilot

phone:

I don't see EPSTEIN name on any of the paperwork.

There is open source reporting that VISOSKI was a pilot for EPSTEIN.

I also attached a picture of N212JE.

Special Agent

Federal Aviation Administration

Law Enforcement Assistance Program

EFTA00037856