Electronics Technician
FDC Miami
33 NE 4th Street
Miami, FL 33132

Power is the ability to define reality and to have other people respond to your definition as if it were their own.

Regional Telecommunications Specialist
Department Of Justice.
Federal Bureau Of Prisons
South Central Regional Office
344 Marine Forces Drive
Phone [redacted]

&gt;&gt;&gt; On 8/12/2019 at 12:09 PM, in message <sd519d48.7a3 :="" 39="">: 20531&gt;, [redacted] wrote:

Yes,...and no. To each their own but I do agree with, "if ain't broke, why fix or replace it?" And If I do need to replace it, how about taking some input from the individual(s) who actually install and maintain the equipment. They just might know a little bit and surprise the people behind Fitara with what they know; the more options the better. Each Institution knows what works for them.

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 8/12/2019 9:52 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I don't know, but when everyone says the same things about something, can everybody be wrong??

Electronics Technician
FDC Miami
33 NE 4th Street
Miami, FL 33132

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 8/12/2019 9:44 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Here in Victorville FCI 1 we have had Nice since 2006 and it has been amazing. We got an update in 2014 and it has been a really solid system. In 2017 they replaced a Viconet system at the FCI 2 that was in really bad shape. Since their upgrade they have been really happy. I did not have any of these problems you guys are experiencing now. I'm guessing it has to do with the Windows upgrade. Once these issues are ironed out I'm sure you guys will love your new Nice system like we do here in Victorville. It has been the best Camera system I have ever worked with. Just give it a chance!

Electronics Technician
Federal Bureau of Prisons
FCC Victorville, CA 92301

Email: [redacted]

EFTA00036154</sd519d48.7a3>

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/12/2019 4:11 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I am still waiting to hear someone say how awesome is nice vision. After all, there has to be a good reason why this is the way to go for the BOP

FEDERAL DETENTION CENTER
33 NE 4TH STREET
MIAMI, FL 33132

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/12/2019 6:50 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
pelco is the way to go

Communications Technician / Inmate Worker Supervisor
F.C.I. Danbury
33 ½ Pembroke Road Route 37
Danbury, Ct. 06811-3099

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/9/2019 6:53 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Nothing to contribute here. Just an observation that this is the new system they are pushing down to us?

FEDERAL DETENTION CENTER
33 NE 4TH STREET
MIAMI, FL 33132

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/8/2019 12:13 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hello,

Looking for some help or advice from anyone using NICEVision. I just tried logging into Administrator to unlock an account and I get a pop up that states "Database Error." I click "ok," and it closes the application. I'm getting the error on the AMS as well as a BOPNet computer that is running the NICEVision software. I reached out to Justin Houston but he is out of the office and I haven't heard back from anyone at the tech support number he left. If anyone has any ideas or has experienced this error, I'd appreciate any advice or guidance to fix it.

Thanks in advance.

Electronics Technician
FCI Otisville
Two Mile Dr.
Otisville, NY 10963

EFTA00036155