18:22

9+

3 required field(s)

remaining

Start

# OVERVIEW OF THE JOINT REPRESENTATION AND PROSECUTION AGREEMENT

The Marsh Law Firm PLLC has and will continue to represent survivors of childhood and adult sexual abuse and exploitation. The Firm's clients may, from time to time, be filing claims, including civil lawsuits, against one or more of the same defendants. We recommend that, where feasible, your claims be joined in the claims or lawsuits with one or more of our clients who are pursuing claims or lawsuits against one or more of the same defendants. This requires a joint representation agreement and an understanding of the joint prosecution of claims.

There are potential conflicts of interest that can arise when an attorney represents more than one client with claims against the same defendant(s). Potential conflicts may also arise from joining the claims of several clients in the same lawsuit or claim resolution process. We are required by the rules of professional conduct that govern lawyers to fully disclose these risks and to obtain your consent before we can represent you. This is required even if there is no actual current conflict of interest. There are also tactical reasons for and against both joint representation and joint prosecution. This overview discusses the potential conflicts and the pros and cons of both joint representation and joint prosecution.

We believe that, on balance, your case will be strengthened by joining forces with our other clients who are pursuing claims or lawsuits against one or more of the same defendants. You are encouraged to consult with another lawyer to review this issue before you make a decision. We recommend this because our advice concerning this issue could appear to be affected by the fact that we will potentially benefit from having additional clients. You should be totally comfortable and make an informed decision on this issue.

There are two separate but related issues you need to decide:

- whether you will retain our law firm despite our representation of others with claims or lawsuits against one or more of the same defendants; and
- if you do retain our firm, whether you will join forces with others?

It is impossible to anticipate every possibility. Therefore, the pros and cons discussed in this overview are illustrations based on our experience. There are undoubtedly other reasons, both for and against, joint prosecution and joint representation that we have not anticipated, but we believe this overview addresses the material pros and cons.

# REASONS IN FAVOR OF JOINING MULTIPLE CLIENTS IN THE SAME CASE

Some of the entities and individuals involved with sexual abuse are rich and powerful. When several individuals band together, it helps compensate for that wealth and power; you are stronger when you are part of a group than you are alone. If multiple abuse survivors are plaintiffs in the same case, each plaintiff's story reinforces the story of every other plaintiff. While it might be possible to believe that one person made up his story, when three or four or more victims come forward with the same basic

story, it will be very hard to argue that everyone's story is untrue. (For a good example, read New York Magazine's 'I'm No Longer Afraid': 35 Women Tell Their Stories About Being Assaulted by Bill

AA  .na4.documents.adobe.com

EFTA00037147