From: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
To: _______________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: CNN - _______________________________________________
Date: Mon, 29 Jul 2019 14:31:16 +0000
Importance: Normal
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Let's see what ______ comes back with first.

On Jul 29, 2019 10:29 AM, ___________________________________________________ &gt; wrote:
I was planning to tell her because it's part of an on-going investigation we can't discuss, but wasn't sure if she came back with 'how is this part of the current case' how I would answer.

From: _______________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, July 29, 2019 10:26 AM
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;, ___________________________________________________
Subject: Re: CNN - _______________________________________________

Does the team know this victim? Does she show up in Sentinel?

The 2006-2007 reference may be because MM interviewed her as part of their investigation.

ASAC _____________________________________________________________
New York Field Office
Criminal - Branch C _________________________________________

From: _______________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:42:18 PM
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;, _______________________________________________
Subject: FW: CNN - _______________________________________________

______ ______ - see below. Does this make any sense to you both?
Thanks --

From: NY
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:38 PM
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;, _______________________________________________
Subject: Fw: CNN - _______________________________________________

Hello OPA,

This email was received from a person claiming to be from CNN.

Regards

FBI NY

Federal Bureau of Investigation
New York Division
26 Federal Plaza
New York, NY 10270

EFTA00037289

Phone: [Redacted]
Email: [Redacted]

From: Alsharif, Mirna &lt; [Redacted] &gt;
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 12:34 PM
To: NY &lt; [Redacted] &gt;
Subject: CNN - [Redacted]

Hello,

My name is Mirna and I'm contacting you from CNN in New York.

We've seen reports that a [Redacted] who says she was sexually assaulted by Jeffrey Epstein in 1996, reported her assault to the FBI in 1996. Can you please verify this document's existence? Please find below excerpts from the Miami Herald alleging the existence of this report:

- A new victim has gone public in the Jeffrey Epstein case, filing a sworn affidavit in federal court in New York Tuesday, saying that she was sexually assaulted and her then-15-year-old sister molested by Epstein and his companion, Ghislaine Maxwell, in 1996.
[Redacted] then 26, claims that she was employed by Epstein, a multimillionaire financier who lived in a vast mansion on New York's Upper East Side, and that she frequently saw "school-age girls" wearing uniforms come into the mansion and go upstairs. She was told that the girls were auditioning for modeling work, according to her affidavit.
Then an art student in New York. [Redacted]

Thank you and I look forward to hearing back from you.

Mirna Alsharif
CNN | NY Bureau
Desk: [Redacted]

EFTA00037290