From: William Weller &lt;&gt;
To: " &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: Mark 8/19/19 email
Date: Tue, 20 Aug 2019 14:06:06 +0000
Importance: Normal

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: STACEY RICHMAN &lt;&gt;
Date: August 20, 2019 at 9:56:15 AM EDT
To: " &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: Mark

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Mark L. Epstein" &lt;&gt;
Date: August 19, 2019 at 9:27:53 PM EDT
To: &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: Mark

Got this today,
Mark

From: Melvyn Kohn [redacted]
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 4:39 PM
To: Mark L. Epstein &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Mark

Both. But it has checked out so it's off the list.
Sorry for any false alarm.

If you do recall anything that you think might be of use, however small, please stay in touch. Again, a focus is PRC China involvement.

Sei gesund,
Melvyn

On Thursday, 15 August 2019, 21:05:09 GMT-4, Mark L. Epstein &lt;&gt; wrote:

EFTA00037218

HI,

Was the van by Vandam or Spring?

Mark

From: Melvyn Kohn
Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 4:05 PM
To: Mark L. Epstein
Subject: Re: Mark

Mark,

Thank you for your prompt reply my apologies on my slowness.

Jumas I met once, in Lord Ahmed's chambers at Israel Shamir's book launch.

If I recall, he was distressed with the Turkish ambassador's remark that Palestine

was a swamp.

Having lived in Turkey, I predicted then that Turkey would not long be an ally of Israel.

But that was my only contact with Jumas, if you are talking about the MK who

is in a small party that I think has not presence in the Knesset. Haim Oron.

The only MK I have been close to lately is Sharon Haskell, the Likud member

who convinced the Likud to make pot legal. I gave her a copy of one of my books,

the one that was published in English. Pretty and single and hard to forget.

One would expect Hank to know him?

The names I mentioned, Bull and Erben, are relics. I am sure that they played a part

here, but I was clutching at straws, almost certain you would not have heard of them, but I had to

try. Bull died in 1990, Erben in 1985.

You may be correct that I am barking up the wrong tree, to some degree. Any insight you

might have would be appreciated greatly.

EFTA00037219

One small suggestion, if you want to limit pesky journalists from your door - go to [redacted] and look at the tenants roster. 8CD has Anderson with Epstein next to it. It would be simple to remove your surname and limit the curiosity of the press.

A green van with NY plates, possibly a Ford, seems to be in your area a lot, I cannot presume it is up to anything bad, but what little info I have you are welcome to.

The person I mentioned on the phone is not the nice person you may think they are, neither is their spouse. They are keen on being secure in every way and have no limits to what they would do.

I do not like either of them. I may be barking up the wrong tree in some ways, and as I said, I welcome and corrections, but I do have a good idea of what is going on especially with that couple.

Best,

Melvyn

On Monday, 12 August 2019, 16:04:30 GMT-4, Mark L. Epstein &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Do you know Jumas, from the kneset?

From: Melvyn Kohn [redacted]
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 2:24 PM
To: [redacted]
Subject: Fw: Mark

Mark,

EFTA00037220

I am at a loss to compose this well. But I think you will understand it, and if not please don't hesitate to ask any questions. My eyes are shot and I have a strong headache looking at the screen. In other circumstances I would work this out and send you a better missive, but I feel you want this sooner rather than later. With that preface, have a read:

I feel bad about not being able to show you my full hand at the moment. Not to be taken personally, but we were talking on a listening device, and listening devices, like walls, have ears. What I am considering to give you some sense of ease is showing up at the door of a notary who is also an officer of the court, and who has known me for decades, along with my passport to make a sworn statement as to my identity. In our last talk I think you asked for Kevin and/or Calvin. If you know people with these names, I do not want to be the cause of any uneasiness between you, so I will, for their sake, tell you that I am neither a Kevin or a Calvin. Do not rule out that MK is my real name. A sworn statement from an officer of the court, who happens to be a Orthodox Jew, will shine some light upon who I am.

Without narrowing down my identity too much, I can tell you that I was in US military intel and had a clearance issued to me young, when my uncle was in fact head of int'l relations at the Pentagon and answered directly to the president. Other family members hold TS + and I might ask one to be a liaison.

But the point is not who I am. It is your security. Please do not be lulled into a false sense of such because you were left alone to parade your car etc in full view. I would ask Ramon to keep the metal gates down at all times in the future.

When the #1 target was a risk factor to a certain already mentioned person and their allies, you were safe. Until he was out of the equation. Now they can work down the list.

I am not sure if GM is on it or their ally, she thinks she is but allies have ways of falling out. Or falling down dark stairs, despite her power.

I gave you a warning; you might cynically think what I might want in return. It might cross your mind that I work for a security firm and want you as a client. I do not, I make no referral that way. There are many which employ the kind of people I did mention.

Nor do I want $ or access to any assets.

But I am ready at this time to tell you what I do want, and I would think that there is much symbiosis. Let me back up just a bit and say that while Jeffrey would never do anything that he knew would hurt other Jews, he has left lots for anti Jewish conspiracy theorists to use. No surprise to you I am sure that many are rushing to say that he, and you and sometimes even all of us are Mossad. And I take into account that many of the accusations against him are false, some conflated. His friend Mr Dershowitz has already 100% proven them wrong and one accuser a liar. Not to paint Jeffrey as a saint, he ought to have spent more time studying Torah than partying in the company of ungodly people.

His poor choice of companions, and his poor choice of activities, has done harm not only to him, but to all Jews. This is in fact part of what some foreign intel agencies want to happen, masking their own presence and making Israel weaker. I complicate this, my apologies, but it is a complex equation of using cutouts to do intel work and then

letting others take the blame. In this case, non Jews used Jeffrey.

EFTA00037221

My concern is for the Jewish people.

You are a Jew, I am a Jew. What is to be done to rectify this?

You have some things here. You have information, which you may not know the value of,

as far as it shows that neither you nor he are Mossad, or even working knowingly for any

foreign intel agency.

But there is the presence of certain parties in this mix who are, including on the Humpty Dumpty charity, which you and he were part of, along with 29 Congressmen. On that bipartisan list we find Hank Johnson, who calls Jews termites; already there is comment not on anti Jewish conspiracy sites, but among members of the tribe.

I will not press you for an explanation there. But it is not making the rest of us happy.

What is your duty to the Jewish community and to your country, America, in light of this?

Clearly it is to aid in identifying those parties that had access to Jeffrey at certain times.

Years ago Jeffrey had some exposure to North Korean/Chinese agents, and was in the proximity of arms dealers who sold to these nations and on behalf of them.

Gerald Bull may have been involved, after being stripped of his US citizenship. And possibly Dr Herman Erben. That would have been in Europe, 70s/80s.

Up to the present, what needs to be known is more about the PRC Chinese execs at Humpty. And anything else you might see or recall.

I appreciate your help, which might be of great use and I would expect that you would not at all go unappreciated for that.

You can see why I have an interest in your longevity. 120?

But at least not 65.

Melvyn

Disclaimer

EFTA00037222

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.

This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by Mimecast Ltd, an innovator in Software as a Service (SaaS) for business. Providing a safer and more useful place for your human generated data. Specializing in; Security, archiving and compliance. To find out more Click Here.

EFTA00037223