18:22

8+

# 3 required field(s) remaining

# Start

The Firm will provide those legal services reasonably required to represent the Client including fact and law investigation, drafting pleadings, settlement efforts, and other services up to and including trial. The Firm will take reasonable steps to keep the Client informed of material developments and timely respond to Client inquiries.

The Firm is representing the Client only in the matters described above, appellate services are outside the scope of this Agreement and a separate written agreement for appellate services or in any other matter will be required. The Firm cannot provide the Client with tax advice and the Client is encouraged to consult with tax advisors concerning this matter, particularly in the event of settlement or other monetary resolution.

## 2. CLIENT'S DUTIES

The Client agrees to be truthful with the Firm, to keep the Firm informed of any information or developments which may come to the Client's attention, to advise the Firm of all relevant information and any change in contact information, and to abide by this Agreement. The Client will assist the Firm by providing necessary information and documents and, to the extent practicable, locating witnesses. The Client agrees to appear at all necessary proceedings and to cooperate fully with the Firm in all matters related to the preparation, presentation, and prosecution of the Claim(s).

The Client understands that this representation and the resolution of the Claims is likely to be complicated and time-consuming (including time-consuming of the Client's time). While the Firm will attempt to keep the Client apprised of material developments, the Firm cannot predict with any certainty the outcome or timing of these matters.

## 3. ATTORNEY'S FEE

The Attorney's Fee to be paid to the Firm for work on the Claims is contingent on the result. The amount of the Attorney's Fee is different depending on the type of Claim(s) asserted. As to any Claims against the federal government arising under the Federal Tort Claims Act, such as Claims against the Federal Bureau of Investigation, if the Claims are resolved before a lawsuit is filed, the Client shall pay the Firm an attorney's fee equal to twenty percent (20%) of any Amount Recovered. Once a lawsuit is filed on a Client's behalf, the Client shall pay the Firm an attorney's fee equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of any Amount Recovered. As to any other Claims, regardless of the nature of the Claim, when the Claim is resolved, or the type of suit (such as an individual or class action), the Client shall pay the Firm an attorney's fee equal to one-third (33⅓%) of the "Amount Recovered."

If there is no Amount Recovered, the Client will have no responsibility to repay the "Firm for Costs, Disbursements, and Litigation Expenses" ("Expenses"). If there is an Amount Recovered but the

AA .na4.documents.adobe.com

EFTA00037135