From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: - Jeffrey Epstein case
Date: Sat, 17 Aug 2019 15:21:28 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks

On Aug 17, 2019 9:52 AM (NY) (FBI)" wrote:
For everyone's SA -

On 7/26/2019, Mirna Alsharif from CNN contacted NYO regarding reporting from the Miami Herald in which [redacted] stated "she was sexually assaulted and her then-15-year old sister molested by Epstein and his companion, Ghislaine Maxwell, in 1996." Alsharif was asking for confirmation of [redacted] claims that she had reported her assault to the FBI in 1996. Alsharif noted recently released documents that reference a FBI interview of [redacted] in 2006. NYO was aware that [redacted] and her younger sister [redacted] were interviewed by the FBI as part of the MM investigation of Epstein.

On 7/29/2019, NYO OPA informed Alsharif that we couldn't comment due to the ongoing investigation and we have not seen any media reporting related to this RFI.

On 8/16/2019, NYO OPA received a call from a reporter at the NY Times who stated he had been in contact with [redacted] and her attorney, Ingrid McColley (ph) [redacted]. He asked for verification of the alleged notification to the FBI in 1996 and stated McColley/ [redacted] claimed to have called the FBI after Epstein's arrest but hadn't received a return call. OPA stated we had a proactive effort to make contact with victims via the FBI hotline and that we've contacted everyone who called the FBI hotline. [Note: we have no record of [redacted] or McColley contacting the FBI after Epstein's arrest.]

On 8/16/2019, McColley contacted NYO OPA who then passed the message to me.

On 8/16/2019, C-20 contacted McColley who stated [redacted] was an employee of Epstein's in the 1990s when she was in her 20s. McColley requested any and all documentation regarding [redacted] alleged contact with the FBI in 1996 as well as her 2006 interview. McColley was informed that any requests for information must be made through a formal FOIA request.

A search of Sentinel met with negative results for any contact with [redacted] in 1996. We do have documentation of an interview with [redacted] in November, 2006 as part of the MM Epstein investigation. [redacted] advised that in the 1990s, she went to Epstein's ranch in New Mexico where she "cuddled" with Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell allegedly rubbed her breasts during a massage.

On 8/16/2019, the NY Times reported advised that they would be publishing their story next week.

I'm unsure what the NY Times intends to say, but wanted to ensure everyone was aware in case they suggest the FBI knew of Epstein's criminal activity as early as 1996.

Thanks

EFTA00037323

Assistant Special Agent in Charge
New York Field Office
Desk
Cell

EFTA00037324