From: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;

Subject: Fwd: Weekend update
Date: Sun, 25 Aug 2019 14:48:51 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks, [redacted]...and sorry about all of the questions, e-mails, and phone calls.

For now, PM [redacted] will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I get pinged late or early, I can try to minimize the disruption to NY.

On Aug 25, 2019 10:33 AM, " [redacted] (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
Copy. Our plan will be end of day reporting Mon - Fri. Having just gone three weeks straight and with the case slowing to a normal investigative pattern, at this time I don't foresee us working weekends. If that changes it would be due to a significant event which we'll brief up.
Just let us know who the designated CID POC is.
Thanks

On Aug 25, 2019 10:28 AM, " [redacted] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
Copy...thank you. Since it's coming through [redacted], it would make sense for updates to be sent to me and [redacted]. I'm sure ICVCU will appreciate the break. I'll confirm and let you know.

On Aug 25, 2019 10:26 AM, " [redacted] (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
I was just getting ready to shoot an email to [redacted] that we won't have anything for today. We are planning for Mon-Fri reporting.
We are consolidating all reporting (VCAC, VC, and CR) through [redacted]. Assume CID will be consolidating too? Is that through you or the VC side?

On Aug 25, 2019 10:18 AM, " [redacted] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:
[redacted]:

Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not).
Thanks,
[redacted]

EFTA00037564

EFTA00037565

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Date: Aug 25, 2019 10:14 AM

Subject: Fwd: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files

To: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Cc:

See below. The VC squad has nothing planned for today on the Epstein case. Can we make sure VCAC has nothing planned as well?

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Date: Aug 24, 2019 11:36 AM

Subject: Fwd: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files

To: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Cc:

FYI,

Per NY, no updates planned for this weekend by VC Squad.

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From:

Date: Aug 24, 2019 11:32 AM

Subject: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files

To: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Cc: