From: "OFFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL <ogc@bop.gov>" <ogc@bop.gov>

To: Y

Subject: BOP OFFICIAL - LEGAL HOLD NOTICE for (INMATE DEATH)

Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 15:07:45 +0000

Importance: High

Attachments: CustodianDocSearchCheckList

To:

Subject: BOP OFFICIAL - LEGAL HOLD NOTICE for (INMATE DEATH)

Legal Hold Notice: Record Custodians

Privileged and Confidential

FROM: The Office of the General Counsel, Federal Bureau of Prisons ADAM M JOHNSON

Supervisory CLC Attorney EMAIL: ADDRESS: 150 PARK ROW New York

NEW YORK NY 10007 RE: Obligation to Preserve Records and Electronically Stored

Information in INMATE DEATH, LHN-CIV-2019-00204

The BOP and its employees are required to preserve any potentially relevant

information pertaining to

EFTA00036429</ogc@bop.gov></ogc@bop.gov>

On Saturday, August 10, 2019, at around 6:30 am, EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054, was found unresponsive in his cell in conjunction with an apparent suicide, and, subsequently, pronounced dead at the local hospital. No lawsuit has been filed yet, but one is anticipated.

In this case, relevant information includes, but is not limited to:

Please preserve all electronic files (e.g. emails, Word documents, TRUSCOPE entries, videos, BEMR records) and all handwritten or other physical documents pertaining to inmate Epstein.

You have been identified as an individual likely to have information relevant to this matter. Therefore, you must take appropriate steps to preserve any such information in your possession, custody, or control even if it otherwise would be destroyed, deleted or overwritten, in the normal course of Agency operations. Knowingly altering, editing, or deleting potentially relevant information could result in court-ordered sanctions against the BOP and/or employment action against staff.

Electronically stored information (ESI) includes all information stored in any digital medium, including the BOP's computer network, any PCs, laptop computers, all back-up media, email, calendars, word processing documents, scanned documents, spreadsheets, photos and drafts.

DO NOT DISCARD OR DESTROY ANY RECORDS (ELECTRONICALLY STORED OR OTHERWISE) RELATING TO THIS MATTER.

Action Required:

1. Complete the attached Custodian Document Search Checklist and return to by 08/21/2019.
2. Preserve Relevant Information

a. Do not alter, edit, delete, or otherwise destroy potentially relevant information in either paper or digital documents. All auto-deletion functions should be turned off and any retention policy should be suspended if execution would cause the loss of potentially relevant information. Do not move or alter electronic documents as this will modify the metadata. Should you need to work on a relevant document, please save it as a new version and edit the new version.
b. Do not transfer any potentially relevant information to a Federal Records Center (FRC) or any other location.
c. Notify me of any potentially relevant information that is in the process of being or has been sent to an offsite storage facility (FRC or any other offsite facility).

3. Contact me if there are any staffing changes in your office that affect this matter (e.g., retirement, transfer, etc.).
4. If you are aware of the loss of any potentially relevant ESI, notify me immediately.
5. This document is privileged and confidential. DO NOT FORWARD OR SHARE THIS NOTICE WITH ANYONE.

EFTA00036430

EFTA00036431

PLEASE SEND ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS TO

# CERTIFICATION

I certify that I have read the above, and I am complying with my preservation obligations.

(PLEASE CERTIFY BY CLICKING "CONFIRMATION LINK" below.)

Confirmation Link

NOTE: PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL DIRECTLY. THIS IS A SERVICE MACHINE FOR OUTBOUND MESSAGES ONLY.