18:22

9+

3 required field(s) remaining

Start

## CONCLUSION

Weighing all of these factors, we strongly believe that the advantages of joining together the claims of multiple clients, and jointly representing multiple clients, outweigh the potential disadvantages. In addition, since our firm has a great deal of experience representing survivors of sexual abuse and exploitation, we believe there are distinct advantages to our firm representing multiple abuse survivors, including yourself.

Please review the Joint Representation Agreement and this analysis carefully, ask any questions, and consider our advice that you consult with another attorney concerning the issues raised both by our representation of multiple clients and by joining multiple clients in the same case. If you agree with the terms of the agreement and have carefully considered the issues in this overview, please review and sign the following Joint Representation and Prosecution Agreement and return this entire document to our office.

## JOINT REPRESENTATION AND PROSECUTION AGREEMENT

### 1. INTRODUCTION

This is an agreement (“Agreement”) between

(“Client”) and the Marsh Law Firm PLLC (“the Firm”), and between the Client and other clients of the Firm who have claims against any and/or all individuals and/or entities arising from the same conduct for which the Firm is representing Client under the Legal Services Agreement between Client and the Firm. References to the “Firm” include any other attorney the Firm associates with in the course of representing the Client. References to “Clients” include the Client and other parties the Firm may represent now or in the future who have claims arising from the same conduct for which the Firm is representing Client under the Legal Services Agreement between Client and the Firm.

This Agreement will be effective with the date the Firm’s first perform services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement will not take effect, and the Firm will have no obligation to provide services until the Client provides the Firm with a signed copy of this Agreement.

The Client has engaged the Firm to represent the Client in pursuing the claims outlined in the Legal Services Agreement signed by the Client (“Claims”). The Client consents to Client’s Claims being joined in the same lawsuits, actions, or claim resolution processes with those of one or more of the Firm’s other clients. The Client understands that joint representation by the same attorneys may have both advantages and disadvantages. Likewise, the Client understands that joining Client’s Claims with those of other clients may have both advantages and disadvantages. The Client acknowledges that the Client has reviewed and understands the foregoing Overview of the Joint Representation and Prosecution Agreement that outlines various conflicts of interest that might arise and reasons for and against joint prosecution and joint representation.

AA

.na4.documents.adobe.com

E

&lt;

#

#

#

EFTA00037149