EFTA00036534

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: REVISED - Final Details - August 2019 Executive Staff Meeting - Washington, DC
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 13:07:57 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: TEXT.htm

Too, for the RDs as I was less than the model of clarity, you will be added as well. Really looking for those institutions or operations in your regions that you would want to highlight...2-3 at the most.

For everyone, please strive to keep your high-level presentations to 5 minutes or less to allow for questions.

Thanks again!

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/16/2019 7:49 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning -

I've attached the last comprehensive briefing book utilized in April 2019.

We'll be briefing , our new ODAG Liaison.

Given the time crunch, both with the briefing scheduled next Tuesday as well as the limited time we'll have with the new liaison (2 hours total), I'd suggest simply reviewing your respective areas and seeing if there are any significant changes needed to your respective briefing areas. If none, simply advise and we'll leave the material alone. If there are needed changes of significance, please let  and I know ASAP as we'll have to incorporate into the existing materials. I know HSD and RSD will need to adapt for changes in their respective ADs/Actings; OGC may need to be covered by  in  absence - not sure how you want to work that out. For those who provided the briefing last go-around, it'll even need to be a shorter, 30K foot view of your areas given the limited time. We'll need the briefing materials for any changes made by mid-morning Monday at the very latest in order to incorporate and print a binder for

Thanks much and appreciate the 4th quarter audible (football season is approaching, sorry). Let me/ know if you need a hand. , if I'm missing something, let us all know!! You're the glue that holds it all together! Thanks. Happy Friday!

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOP-PRD/Assistant Director~ 8/15/2019 9:49 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Executive Staff,

Please be advised the Executive Staff Agenda has been revised to reflect the "Executive Staff Briefings to ODAG" scheduled for Tuesday, August 20, 2019, from 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.

Thanks -

Executive Staff,

PRD has canceled the Philadelphia hotel room block for everyone. However, you will need to cancel your airfare/train arrangements to Philadelphia.

To assist you in preparing for your trip next week, the following information regarding the meeting is provided:

The Hyatt Regency Washington on Capital Hill is located at 400 New Jersey Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20001. Their telephone number is (202) 737-1234. Please have your government ID available.

The meeting will be held in the 400 Building training rooms A-C on the first floor. Please remember to bring your PIV card for access to the building.

The revised agenda is attached.

The dress attire for the week is business casual.

The forecast calls for daily temperatures with highs in the upper 80s to mid 90s, lows in the low to mid 70s; and partly cloudy for the week.

Next week, I will collect $25 from each of you for food for the November 2019 meeting.

PRD support staff will be available Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. until the end of each day's meeting to assist with any needs you may have, as well as receive messages for you. The telephone numbers for the resource staff are [redacted]. Additionally, E-mail messages can be sent by your staff to the resource staff for immediate distribution.

I hope this information is helpful, and I look forward to seeing each of you soon. - [redacted]

EFTA00036535