# MCC New York Special Housing Unit

Remember taking short cuts while working in SHU will get you or your fellow staff injured or killed

EFTA00036461

# Introduction

- The Special Housing Unit is not the same as if you were working in a normal housing unit. Thus the name ‘Special Housing Unit.’
- The Special Housing Unit is designed to house inmates:
- Who have committed violations of the rules and regulations
- Disruptive inmates
- Pending a SIS investigation
- Hold-overs
- Psych concerns
- Pending transfer and classification

EFTA00036462

- Special Housing Staff must have a strong knowledge of Policy and Procedures to succeed.

- The Federal Bureau of Prisons has made a basic commitment to the development of a comprehensive philosophy which places equal emphasis on custody, care and correction of the criminal offender.

- This objective can only be accomplished to all aspects of inmate management and treatment if we take responsibility of meeting this challenge.

EFTA00036463

# SPECIAL HOUSING BASICS

- Positive Attitude/Work ethic
- No Personal Cuff Keys
- What If Syndrome
- Sound Correctional Judgment
- Lock Doors / Grills / Cell Doors
- Security is never convenient
- Know Policy / Procedures (PS 5270.10)
- Team Concept
- Unit sanitation
- Sign Post Orders / PPF / Emergency Plans

EFTA00036464

- The sanitation of SHU is a direct reflection upon the staff assigned.
- Additionally, it's a reflection of all staff who conduct rounds (Non Custody staff).
- We have a responsibility to ensure all areas of the institution maintain a high level of sanitation.
- A bigger ownership concerning SHU operations is a custodial one.

EFTA00036465

# Processing Inmates

- Staff will conduct a visual search, metal detect and place the inmate in appropriate clothing.
- Staff will ask the inmate the following questions
- Food concerns / no flesh / common fare
- Separation concerns
- Gang affiliation
- Medical concerns

EFTA00036466

# Processing Inmates

- Staff will provide the inmate with a copy of the rules and regulations.
- The inmate will sign for these.
- Staff will inspect bed rolls, clothing, etc. before giving them to the inmate.
- The inmate will be placed in hand restraints.
- Hands behind the back
- Hands back to back with the thumbs up
- Double locked

EFTA00036467

# Processing Inmates

- Staff will escort the inmate to his assigned cell maintaining 2 points of contact at all times.
- When placing an inmate into an occupied cell
- Before opening the cell door, place hand restraints on the inmate in the cell, have him face the wall.
- Then place the inmate in the cell
- Place the inmate’s picture card on the cell door.

EFTA00036468

# Special Housing Unit Roster Program

Under the Windows Tab click on:

- For Current SHU Roster: For new admits to SHU be sure to click the "check" icon under the blue "C" to initiate the IA or initial admittance date
- For Due Cell Rotations
- For Unit Record 292's – Select date, shift and quarter group and click the blue magnifier search icon. Each quarter group must be SAVED for meals, shower and exercise. Each quarter group must also be APPROVED for the program to save the OIC signature. If your name does not appear as OIC on any shift contact the Operations Lieutenant to be added under OIC assignment.

EFTA00036469

# Special Housing Unit Roster Program

Under the Record Tab click on:

- For Current Recreation Roster
This roster details inside or outside recreation, time in and time out and all KAFs from other inmates

EFTA00036470

# File Documentation

- Upon receiving an inmate, an inmate file will be created.
- Use a 6-part folder

- Section 1
- Administrative Detention Order
- ☑ Make sure the inmate gets a copy

- Section 2
- PP41
- PP44
- PPG0
- PP10
- PD15

EFTA00036471

# File Documentation

- Section 3
- SHU Rules &amp; Regulations Acknowledgement
- Section 4
- 30 Day Psychology Reviews

EFTA00036472

# File Documentation

- Section 5
- SRO's
- Section 6
- 292's

EFTA00036473

# Security

- Security is everyone’s responsibility and must not be taken lightly.
- Security starts with staff reading and being familiar with post orders, program statements, institutional supplements, memorandums, etc.
- Are inmates correctly placed in restraints?
- Complacency will get you hurt.
- Security is NEVER convenient.
- Don’t assume anything.

EFTA00036474

# Security

- Do you carry all the appropriate equipment?
- Do you utilize good communication skills?
- Professional bearing is critical.
&gt; How we present ourselves (as a Soft target/ Hard target)
- Counts must be conducted in accordance with policy, not negotiated at any time.
- The 4:00pm, 10:00pm, and 10:00am (weekends and holidays) are stand up counts period.
- Immediate corrective action if needed.

EFTA00036475

# Security

- You are empowered to assume responsibility within the limits of your job.
- If you can resolve a situation at your level, do it.
- Look for signs of tampering:
- Lights
- Cells
- Bunks
- Bars
- Showers
- Recreation cage fencing
- Clothing

EFTA00036476

EFTA00036477

# Security

- Become familiar with:
- Radios
- Metal detectors
- Use of force equipment
- Video cameras
- Incident reports / memorandums

- Know your inmates
- Separation concerns
- Disruptive inmates
- Gang members
- Psych concerns
- Sexual deviants

# Security

- Become aware of:
- Facility crews
- Food carts
- Laundry carts
- Rounds must be conducted every 30 minutes
- Don't do it the same way every time
- Remember, inmates are watching you.
- Before you open a cell door, both of the inmates in the cell must be restrained.
- Any breach of security must be reported immediately.

EFTA00036478

# Communication

- If you lack the ability to communicate, you can't do your job effectively.
- You have to communicate 24/7
- If you can't say **NO** perhaps the Special Housing Unit is not for you.
- Your job is communication with the inmates and staff.
- Be assertive.

EFTA00036479

# Communication

- Who do we communicate with?
- Inmates
- Fellow officers
- Supervisors
- Executive staff
- Visitors
- Department heads
- Ourselves
- Teamwork D/W and E/W
- With unit team
- With the DHO
- With the SHU Lieutenant

EFTA00036480

# Communication

- How do we communicate?
- Verbally
- Written
- Visual
- Body
- Closed door syndrome or little man big badge
- Appearance

EFTA00036481

# Keys to Understanding Inmate Body Movement

- Observe the inmate’s head position
- If the head is down while you are talking, this usually indicates a negative attitude.
- Observe the inmate’s eyes
- Eyes can be very deceptive
- If an inmate is lying to you, he will fail to maintain eye contact.
- Closing of the eyes or placing the hand over the face is a good indicator of deception
- Some deceptive inmates may actually turn their head to avoid eye contact.

EFTA00036482

# Keys to Understanding Inmate Body Movement

- An inmate may attempt phony smiles or smirks to show sincerity.
- The inmate may even chew his finger nails
- The inmate may appear to have a dry mouth
- The inmate may lick his lips continually

- The hand to nose gesture is often used to screen eyes and face during the course of a lie.

- Deceitful inmates are vague and stammering in their responses.

EFTA00036483

# Keys to Understanding Inmate Body Movement

- Indications of deceit during responses are
- Long pauses
- Quick answers
- Short answers
- Long answers
- Elaborate answers

EFTA00036484

# Sanitation

- Sanitation is a direct reflection of all staff assigned to the Special Housing Unit.
- Staff who conduct daily rounds
- First impressions are critical. If you walk into a Special Housing Unit and the first things you see are trash on the floor, marks and writing on the walls, food trays laying about, it signifies staff just don't care. If this is happening, there is more behind the scenes occurring. This leads to assaults on staff, assaults on inmates, and inmates refusing to comply with orders. Basically, a unit where inmates are in charge.

EFTA00036485

# Sanitation

- How do you achieve high levels of sanitation?
- Inmate received rules and regulations
- Staff trained
- No compromises
- Orderlies
- Supplies
- Communication
- Hold the inmates accountable
- Strategies to combat disruptive inmates
- Support staff in the performance of their duties.

EFTA00036486

# Feeding

- Feeding inmates in the SHU is demanding and one of the most important responsibilities during your shift.
- Shake down food carts
- Meals must be served at the appropriate temperature
- 141 degrees for hot trays
- 41 degrees for cold trays
- Staff must be aware of security measures while serving trays.

EFTA00036487

# Feeding

- Trays have been fashioned into all types of weapons.
- Be accountable for what goes into and what comes out of an inmates cell.
- Your safety and the safety of your fellow staff depend on your ability to maintain security concerning weapons grade material
- Slow down, again, No short-cuts.

EFTA00036488

# Serving Procedures

- When handling inmate food trays, staff must wear the following:
- Disposable gloves when handling direct food product, i.e. fresh fruit
- The orderlies are not allowed to serve trays
- Inmate food trays will remain covered while being transported to the ranges.

EFTA00036489

# Serving Procedures

- Staff will not mix food from one tray to another tray.
- If an inmate has a complaint about the food, take care of it at your level if possible.
- If you can't take care of the complaint, contact Food Service or the Lieutenant.

EFTA00036490

# Serving Procedures

- When collecting the trays, make sure the same number come out as went in.
- Place the trays back in the food cart and make sure all trays are present.
- No trays will be left in the Special Housing Unit.
- Should an inmate refuse to comply, a Lieutenant will be notified immediately.
- No exceptions period.

EFTA00036491

# Shift Responsibilities
## Morning Watch

- Replace the weekly sign-in log
- Razor box will be emptied by morning watch staff and disposed of as hot trash
- Audit files, note discrepancies and forward information to the SRO for review
- Ensure the cell doors have the correct information
- Complete shakedowns of common areas
- 30 minute irregular rounds
- Print all 292’s for the prior week and place in inmate’s file
- All cell lights will be on from 7:30am until the conclusion of the 10:00pm count period.

EFTA00036492

# Shift Responsibilities
## Day Watch

- Trash will be collected
- Cells will be inspected
- No string lines
- Windows, lights and vents will not be covered
- Window ledges clear
- Property stored in the space provided
- Beds made up
- Recreation will not be conducted unless the above has been completed.
- Recreation schedule
- Monday through Friday
- If the inmate’s cell does not meet the basic cell sanitation requirements, it is considered to be a refusal.

EFTA00036493

# Shift Responsibilities

## Day Watch

- Monday, Wednesday &amp; Friday are Shower Days
- Tuesday is Medical and Dental Call-Outs
- Thursday (Bi-Weekly) DHO
- Saturday is Linen Exchange (Inter-changeable with Sunday)
- Sunday is Cell Sanitation (Inter-changeable with Saturday)
- Cell rotations daily (21 day)
- Law library (daily if requested)
- Hair cuts on Thursday Evening Watch

EFTA00036494

# Shift Responsibilities

## PM / Evening Watch

- The 4pm, 10pm, and 10am (weekend/holidays) counts, are stand up counts.
- Incident reports will be written on inmates who fail to stand for count.
- Process inmate mail
- Cell Rotations
- Property issue Monday through Friday
- Phone calls
- 30 days from placement when an inmate is received from the unit.
- 7 days if the inmate comes from a bus movement for his initial call, the next call is 30 days from then

EFTA00036495

# Medical

- We are not doctors, nurses, PA'S or EMT's.
- We can't provide medical attention to an inmate unless it is life or death.
- Our responsibility is very simple:
- Ask the inmate what his medical issue is
- Contact medical
- Provide as much information as possible
- Staff must escort all medical staff during rounds

EFTA00036496

# Mail

- Mail is one of the most important issues raised by inmates
- When you receive the mail:
- ☑ Make sure the inmate is still in SHU
- ☑ If the inmate is not in SHU
- Find out what unit the inmate is assigned to
- Place a note on the mail and place it back in the mail bag
- Newspapers, magazines, books, pictures, legal mails, etc. is restricted in the SHU.

EFTA00036497

# Recreation

- Each inmate must be afforded the opportunity to participate in recreational activity.
- Inmates will receive 5 hours per week
- Documented on 292
- Recreation can be suspended due to:
- Inclement weather
- Institutional emergencies
- Must be documented
- DHO sanction (not to exceed 7 days)

EFTA00036498

# Recreation

- Staff must complete shakedowns of the recreation area
- Document any security breaches
- Inmates will be restrained while being escorted
- Hands behind the back
- Hands back to back with thumbs up
- Restraints double locked
- Staff must maintain constant supervision and the recreation door will be closed and secured.

EFTA00036499

# Key Control

- Ensure you have the correct set of keys for your area
- Verify the number on the chit
- Verify you have the exact number of keys
- Inspect the keys looking for:
- Cracks
- Bends
- Key shield (Folger Adams Keys)
- Ensure you have the proper belt, key clip, and chain.

EFTA00036500

# Key Control

- You should know what door(s) or lock(s) each key opens
- Know policy and procedure for
- Broken or damaged key
- Key broken in door or lock
- Missing keys
- No personal cuff keys

EFTA00036501

# Legal Calls / Mail

- This is usually a Unit Team responsibility
- There are times SHU staff will help

EFTA00036502

# Cell Inspections

- This is everyone’s responsibility
- Every time you go down range, inspect cells as you go by them
- No graffiti
- No clothes lines
- Nothing in the windows or on the table. Shoes and all inmate property should fit in the bins underneath the bottom bunk.

EFTA00036503

# Clothing / Supply Issue

- Clothing and supply issues are conducted on different days of the week.
- Then exchanging clothes, make sure it is one for one.
- Any destroyed government property will be documented (incident report) and the Lieutenant will be notified.
- Alternative clothing will be issued.

EFTA00036504

# Orderlies

- Orderly jobs are a privilege, not a right.
- To be hired as an orderly:
- ☑ The inmate has to submit a cop-out
- ☑ Staff requests or recommendations
- The following inmates will not be hired:
- ☑ Max custody
- ☑ Verified PC
- ☑ Refusing programs
- Orderlies must be supervised and pat searched
- Orderlies should not be out while other inmates are being escorted.
- Orderlies should not serve food to other inmates.

EFTA00036505

# Emergency Situations

- Institution
- SHU staff are NOT to vacate their post unless instructed by a supervisor

- Special Housing Unit
- When responding within the SHU
- Be alert
- Be attentive to the situation
- Advise your supervisor, control, and other SHU staff

- Always make sure you have adequate staff before opening a cell door.

- If inmates are fighting with weapons, wait for a Lt., notify via radio, think tactical.

EFTA00036506

# Escorting

- Hands will be placed behind the back
- Hands will be back to back with thumbs up
- 2 staff to 1 inmate, if applicable
- Maintain two points of contact on the inmate at all times.
- Never allow a restrained inmate to walk in front of or behind you.
- Have the inmate back out of his cell
- Pat search and metal detect before escort.

EFTA00036507

# Cell Rotations

- Normal cell rotations are to be completed every 21 days
- Cell rotations will be completed daily using a PP30 roster from SENTRY
- Ensure all documentation is correct
- Sentry
- Roster program

EFTA00036508

# Inmate Request to Staff
## Cop-outs

- Most effective way for an inmate to communicate with a staff member.
- Must be taken seriously
- When you receive a cop-out
- Look at it and read it
- If it applies to SHU operation, document it in the appropriate log book
- Hair cuts
- Law library
- Phone calls
- Cop-outs to other departments are placed in the appropriate mail box
- All other cop-outs go in the SHU Lt's box
- Returned cop-outs must be delivered to the inmate

EFTA00036509

# Commissary

- Commissary slips are issued to the inmates on Wednesday during the day.
- Commissary is delivered the following day
- Be aware of the allowed commissary on the A/D and D/S status.

EFTA00036510

# Religious Items

- Inmates are allowed a limited number of religious items in their cells:
- Headwear
- Prayer rug
- Necklace

- When in doubt, contact Religious Services

EFTA00036511

# Incident Reports

- Incident reports will be written for any and all violations.
- This is absolutely critical.
- Why?!?! Institutional Order &amp; to Hold inmates Accountable

EFTA00036512

# Program Statements

## Relevant to Special Housing

- 5521.05 Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Work Areas
- 5538.05 Escorted Trips
- 5553.07 Escapes/Death Notification
- 5557.06 Hostage Situation Management
- 5562.05 Hunger Strike
- 5566.06 Use of Force/Application of Restraints
- 5324.08 Suicide Prevention
- 5360.09 Religious Beliefs
- 5510.13 Posted Picture File
- 5230.05 Grooming
- 5264.08 Inmate Telephone
- 5267.08 Visiting
- 5270.10 Inmate Discipline/ SHU

EFTA00036513

EFTA00036514

CLICK HERE TO ACKNOWLEDGE
YOU HAVE REVIEWED
THIS POWER POINT