From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Daily update
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2019 19:00:28 +0000
Importance: Normal

Today in regards to Epstein...

Interview of BOP guard [redacted] with OIG and SDNY. [redacted] was working at the time of the incident. [redacted] was assigned to collect the count slips for the prison on the 12x8 tour with his partner BOP [redacted]. At 0630 he responded to the SHU for a body alert and by the time he arrived Epstein was already being given CPR. [redacted] was tasked with allowing EMS into the facility and then assigned to escort the body with EMS to Beekman hospital. [redacted] reported nothing out of the ordinary and observed Epstein to have no vitals.

Interview of [redacted] with OIG and SDNY. [redacted] was working at the time of the incident on the 12x8 tour. After assisting with the count with his partner [redacted] he responded to a body alert in the SHU. By the time [redacted] arrived at the SHU Epstein was already removed from the cell and being treated. [redacted] was assigned to follow EMS to the hospital in a BOP auto.

FBI cart was able to package video of the MCC into a viewable format as was requested by SDNY.

Coordination was made with BOP Thomas' attorney to retrieve Thomas' cell phone on Monday 8/26 and have it imaged by FBI CART who has already been made aware of the request.

OCME was contacted and they advised that FBI will be furnished with a final report and all previous documents requested once they finalize their report. OCME [redacted] advised that [redacted] who administered the autopsy and one of the executives are having a meeting in the afternoon (8/23) regarding Epstein. OCME anticipates the report to be finalized soon and not requesting any further information at this time.

On Monday 8/26 three (3) proffers are scheduled of inmates who were in the MCC at the time of Epstein incident. These proffers in the past have dealt with not only Epstein but also guards at MCC allowing in contraband and/or any possible violations of BOP policy.

EFTA00037215