EFT A00037088

MARSH
law firm pllc
New York, New York 10001-2170

January 19, 2024

Via Email

8754 AX Makkum Netherlands

Re: Your Settlement with Epstein JPM Fund

Dear [illegible]:

As you know, we are receiving compensation from the Epstein JPM Fund on your behalf. You have asked and authorized us to wire you funds, and you have confirmed receipt of our test wire of $1.36, so as soon as feasible we will wire you your settlement disbursement.

Attached is our invoice detailing the hours, expenses, etc. Summarized as follows:

|  Gross Settlement Amount | $1,000,000.00  |
| --- | --- |
|  Less Fees and Costs Billed to You | $75,000.00  |
|  Net Disbursement to You | $925,000.00  |

We are not tax attorneys and therefore cannot advise on tax issues. In the past, we have consulted with a New York tax lawyer who advised us that he is of the view that the settlement amount should be treated as damages received on account of “personal physical injury” and therefore not to be subject to federal income tax. However, the law on this issue is unclear, which means we cannot say with certainty whether the Internal Revenue Service will agree that the settlement amount is not taxable. We encourage you to discuss any tax issues with your tax accountant or tax attorney. You are also welcome to contact the Law Office of Asher Harris concerning the taxability of your settlement. If you want to engage with Mr. Harris directly, please contact him at [redacted]. You will be solely responsible for the costs of any consultation with him.

Our entire team at Marsh Law was honored to represent you in your pursuit of justice and accountability in this case. Although no amount of money can ever undo all the harm that was caused by Jeffrey Epstein, we sincerely hope that pursuing this matter and receiving this settlement can provide some small measure of recompense and resolution.

Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about your settlement. Otherwise, this concludes our legal representation of you on this matter. We truly wish you the best.

Very truly yours,

MARSH LAW FIRM PLLC

EFTA00037089