From: "(CID) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
To: "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: "(CID) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: Weekend update
Date: Sun, 25 Aug 2019 14:57:01 +0000
Importance: Normal

Don't shoot the messenger. CID wants a 1530 daily phone call with NY for daily updates. I'll provide the bridge line info tomorrow.

On Aug 25, 2019 10:49 AM, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
Copy that

On Aug 25, 2019 10:48 AM, "(CID) (FBI)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
Thanks, "...and sorry about all of the questions, e-mails, and phone calls.

For now, PM will be the POC for CID. Please also cc me on everything. That way, if I get pinged late or early, I can try to minimize the disruption to NY.

On Aug 25, 2019 10:33 AM, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
Copy. Our plan will be end of day reporting Mon - Fri. Having just gone three weeks straight and with the case slowing to a normal investigative pattern, at this time I don't foresee us working weekends. If that changes it would be due to a significant event which we'll brief up.
Just let us know who the designated CID POC is.
Thanks

On Aug 25, 2019 10:28 AM, "(CID) (FBI)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
Copy...thank you. Since it's coming through , it would make sense for updates to be sent to me and . I'm sure ICVCU will appreciate the break. I'll confirm and let you know.

On Aug 25, 2019 10:26 AM, "(NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
I was just getting ready to shoot an email to that we wont have anything for today. We are planning for Mon-Fri reporting.

We are consolidating all reporting (VCAC, VC, and CR) through . Assume CID will be consolidating too? Is that through you or the VC side?

On Aug 25, 2019 10:18 AM, "(CID) (FBI)" &lt;&gt; wrote:

EFTA00037562

EFTA00037563

Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not).

Thanks,

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " [redacted], [redacted], D. (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Date: Aug 25, 2019 10:14 AM
Subject: Fwd: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files
To: " [redacted], [redacted] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted]

See below. The VC squad has nothing planned for today on the Epstein case. Can we make sure VCAC has nothing planned as well?

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " [redacted], [redacted], (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Date: Aug 24, 2019 11:36 AM
Subject: Fwd: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files
To: " [redacted], [redacted], D. (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted]

FYI,

Per NY, no updates planned for this weekend by VC Squad.

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: [redacted]
Date: Aug 24, 2019 11:32 AM
Subject: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files
To: " [redacted], [redacted] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted]