EFT A00037230

From: (NY) (FBI)" To: (NY) (OGA)"

Subject: Fwd: FW: Did we already know this information?
Date: Fri, 10 Jan 2020 13:44:03 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

--- Forwarded message ---
From: (CID) (FBI)" Date: Jan 10, 2020 8:23 AM
Subject: FW: Did we already know this information?
To: (NY) (FBI)" &gt;
Cc: CID (FBI)" &lt;

Please see below request from the DAD. Does NY have any information regarding the alleged missing video?

Thanks,

---

From: (CID) (FBI)
Sent: Friday, January 10, 2020 5:59 AM
To: (CID) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;; (CID) (FBI) &lt;;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: Did we already know this information?

- please see below and reach out to NY when you get to the office this morning in an attempt to validate or refute the reports below as forwarded by the DAD.

Thank you,

---

--- Forwarded message ---
From: (CID) (FBI)" &lt;;&gt;
Date: Jan 10, 2020 5:49 AM
Subject: Did we already know this information?
To: CID (FBI)" &lt;;&gt;; (CID) (FBI)"

Cc:
Video Outside Epstein's Cell During First Suicide Attempt "No Longer Exists," Prosecutors Say. USA Today (1/9, Johnson, 10.31M) reports, "Prosecutors told a federal judge Thursday that prison authorities inadvertently deleted surveillance video of the area outside the Manhattan jail cell of accused child sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein during his first suicide attempt." Prosecutors told US District Judge Kenneth Karas "authorities had mistakenly preserved video from a different part of the detention facility instead of the area where Epstein and Tartaglione were housed in July." According to the article, "the disclosure is likely to revive conspiracy

theories suggesting Epstein was murdered to keep him from discussing his activities with a constellation of influential friends.”

CNN (1/9, Simko-Bednarski, Levenson, 83.16M) reports, “Prison officers at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) in New York found Epstein on the floor of his cell in the early-morning hours of July 23. He was found with a strip of bedsheet around his neck in what a federal document calls an apparent suicide attempt.” On July 25, “an attorney for Epstein's cellmate at the time asked that MCC preserve video from outside the cell, the filing notes. MCC legal counsel looked up the cellmate's cell number in the MCC computer system and requested that the staff preserve video of the cell from that night, the filing says,” but “the attorney said in December that security footage from that night was missing. The government responded a day later, saying the video was not missing and that it had been preserved,” but “the letter filed Thursday indicated that the video was in fact gone due to a mix-up. The MCC computer system had listed an incorrect cell for Epstein's cellmate, and so MCC staff had preserved unrelated footage, according to the government's letter.”

The AP (1/9, Mustian, Balsamo) reports from New York, “The FBI also has determined that the footage does not exist on the jail's backup v

v/r

Deputy Assistant Director - Branch I
FBI Criminal Investigative Division

EFTA00037231