From: " (NY) (CON)" &lt;

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: Re: RE: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED

Date: Thu, 27 Jun 2019 18:59:10 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: Deed_09061989_to_9_E_71st_St_Corp_FT_1690000317169&amp;page.pdf

Ok this is what I can quickly provide. It's the previous DEED.

Squad C-40 (FAST) Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)

(o)

(c)

From: (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2019 2:50:04 PM

To: (NY) (CON)

Subject: Fwd: RE: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED

There were a couple questions the AUSAs had. See below. Is it possible to get those documents they're looking for?

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Date: Jun 27, 2019 2:45 PM

Subject: RE: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;

Cc:

This is interesting. The mansion was the home of a school until Leslie Wexner bought it in 1989 – at least according to a number of public reports. He remodeled it, and it was featured (as Wexner's house) in Architectural Digest in 1995. As of 1996, Epstein told the New York Times that the house was his.

But it doesn't look like there's any record of the property changing ownership between 1989 and 2012, and the sale in 1989 is to "Nine East 71st Street Corporation." Then 13 years later, that corporation, with Epstein as the president, transfers title to another Epstein entity. So did he own it that entire time, rather than Wexner, as had been advertised?? Or did Wexner own it through a corporation for which Epstein was the president until 2012?

Can we pull the equivalent documents to these for the 1989 title transfer?

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2019 14:22

To: (USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;.

EFTA00037757

EFTA00037758

(USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;

Subject: Fwd: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED

Sorry about that. Here's the attachments.

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (NY) (CON)" &lt;;&gt;

Date: Jun 27, 2019 1:44 PM

Subject: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;;&gt;

Cc:

Hi

This is from ACRIS. It's the Last Deed of Record, dated 12/23/2011.

Notice that the Grantor and Grantee lines are both signed by Jeffrey Epstein.

The Grantee is Maple Inc which is located in St Thomas, VI.

No mortgages from Maple Inc are indicated in the online records.

Squad C-40 (FAST)

Senior Financial Investigator (SFI)

(o) [redacted]

(c) [redacted]