From: NY_OPSCENTER <ny_opscenter@fbi.gov>
To:
Subject: Outside Caller -
Date: Thu, 12 Sep 2019 01:07:01 +0000
Importance: Normal

Federal Bureau of Investigation 1908 - 2010

Good Evening SA

The NYOC today received a call from a  in regards to the Jeffrey Epstein case.

Thank You,

NEW YORK OPERATIONS CENTER
212-384-2921

Confidentiality Statement:
*** This message may contain information that is deliberative process privileged information***

This message is transmitted to you by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. This message, along with any attachments, may be privileged or otherwise protected. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, please destroy it promptly without further retention or dissemination (unless otherwise required by law). Please notify the sender of the error by a separate email or by calling FBI-New York at 212-384-2921.

Be aware that as a Department of Justice (DOJ) 'best practice' recommendation, Personally Identifiable Information (PII) such as CCH/DMV information is not routinely disseminated electronically via UNET/FBI-issued mobile device. Per the Privacy Act, the FBI is responsible for protecting and conserving government property, which includes government records (See 28 C.F.R. ยง 45.4(c); 5 C.F.R. ยง 2635.704). However, an exception may be made if the requester has a "need to know" the information in the performance of his/her official duties. FBI employees shall not disclose PII about an individual to persons outside the DOJ other than for an authorized official business purpose.

mh

EFTA00037844</ny_opscenter@fbi.gov>