From: "BOP-PRD/Assistant Director~"
To:
Cc:
Subject: REVISED - Final Details - August 2019 Executive Staff Meeting - Washington, DC
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 01:49:15 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: TEXT.htm; Agenda_August_2019_2019-08-12_Revised2.pdf

Executive Staff,

Please be advised the Executive Staff Agenda has been revised to reflect the "Executive Staff Briefings to ODAG" scheduled for Tuesday, August 20, 2019, from 9:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.

Thanks -

Executive Staff,

PRD has canceled the Philadelphia hotel room block for everyone. However, you will need to cancel your airfare/train arrangements to Philadelphia.

To assist you in preparing for your trip next week, the following information regarding the meeting is provided:

The Hyatt Regency Washington on Capital Hill is located at 400 New Jersey Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20001. Their telephone number is (202) 737-1234. Please have your government ID available.

The meeting will be held in the 400 Building training rooms A-C on the first floor. Please remember to bring your PIV card for access to the building.

The revised agenda is attached.

The dress attire for the week is business casual.

The forecast calls for daily temperatures with highs in the upper 80s to mid 90s, lows in the low to mid 70s; and partly cloudy for the week.

Next week, I will collect $25 from each of you for food for the November 2019 meeting.

PRD support staff will be available Monday through Friday from 6:00 a.m. until the end of each day's meeting to assist with any needs you may have, as well as receive messages for you. The telephone numbers for the resource staff are [redacted]. Additionally, E-mail messages can be sent by your staff to the resource staff for immediate distribution.

EFTA00036536

I hope this information is helpful, and I look forward to seeing each of you soon. - 📖

EFTA00036537