NICE/Qognify Installation Check list

- Need BOP approved IP address and Gateway for AMS (if new) NVR servers, Encoders and Decoders.
- Adequate rack space for the NVR's, at least a 32" deep rack. Rails are provided for new AMS and NVR's. Rack space for the Encoders that will be placed near the existing matrix (if applicable) or throughout other locations in the institution.
- AMS needs 1U of rack space, NVR's require 2U, Encoders and Decoders 1U.
- Check for adequate power, NVR's have 2 power supplies and need to be on two separate circuits. Encoders only require one power supply. Decoders that are needed to be installed in the Control Center will need to be on UPS power as well as the monitors connected to them.
- Validate each of the existing Analog PTZ camera address settings and data protocol, provide that in the current camera list.
- Provide a list of users that currently access the camera system. (will validate on site).
- Provide a camera grouping list and pages (If applicable). Can be extracted from the current camera matrix.
- Coaxial patch cables with BNC connectors may need to be made prior to our arrival to patch from the matrix and/or fiber media converters to Encoders (if applicable).
- Will need a BOPNET workstation with local user account to be installed in the Control Center to run the Qognify Application Suite to view and control PTZ Cameras. (This might be required for SIS and the Command Center.)
- Qognify Application Suite will be provided and extracted off the AMS server to be installed by Computer Services on BOPNET workstations requiring access to the Camera System.
- Provide a PLC camera callup output list for programming and connectivity to the NVE2016 Encoders.

EFTA00036168