From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " &lt; &gt;, " &lt; &gt;"

Subject: Maxwell
Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2020 18:41:11 +0000
Importance: Normal

The last time we spoke with the SSRA He advised there was nothing more they could do to verify her presence there without going to the local PD. He said if we do that then it could potentially leak our interests and her which could send her running. I have no problem with you going directly with the RA, But at the end of the day we're going to wind up with the same answer, until we are able to go up on her phone and start getting aggressive we will not be able to pin her down. Our last position was to wait until we are close to them green lighting ab arrest and then we can get aggressive.

SSA
FBI New York

On Apr 20, 2020 2:35 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Hey

Have you had any recent contact with the SSRA from Boston about Maxwell? I remember the last info we had was that he planned on going direct with the PD to gain more information about her being at that location in Manchester by the Sea. Have you heard any more about this?

SDNY has told us that their management is positive about the memo they sent up the chain for GM but timewise it will all depend on when grand juries start up again. They had some follow-up questions in regards to location and putting eyes on her. More specifically, when was the last time she was actually seen at the residence. So, I was hoping to follow-up with Boston. Are you ok with me going direct with the SSRA or would you prefer to?

Thanks,

EFTA00037453