From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: FW: search warrant

Date: Thu, 08 Aug 2019 17:57:04 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: epstenin.pdf

Hi _________________________________________

NYPD Sex Offenders Unit are the only ones that can access the details of the sex offender directory. [ ] requested the last time Epstein listed the St Thomas address I contacted their chief and he provided the information attached.

From: _______________________________

Sent: Thursday, August 08, 2019 1:55 PM

To: _______________________________

Subject: RE: search warrant

Hi _________________________________________

Please see attached.

Vr, _________________________________________

From: Watson, [ ] P. (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Thursday, August 08, 2019 1:53 PM

To: _______________________________

Subject: FW: search warrant

[ ], Can you handle the EJustice request below?

From: _______________________________

Sent: Thursday, August 08, 2019 8:41 AM

To: _______________________________

Cc: _______________________________

Subject: Fwd: search warrant

Hey _________________________________________

Attached is the drafted sw. You will see highlighted info. I spoke with an agent in st Thomas last night. Fish and Wildlife only sent photos of Great St James so the agent is working on getting the other set. Otherwise we may have to use open source to describe the additional structures/assess the number of additional ones.

EFTA00037419

Also, if you can have someone run his e justice to see when the last time he registered the island as his main address that would be helpful to answer one of the missing questions on the sw. I can get her the rest when I get down to st Thomas-we are about to take off shortly.

---

**Forwarded message**

From: "_________________________"
Date: Aug 7, 2019 10:19 PM
Subject: search warrant
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________"

---

Attached is the most recent draft of the search warrant. Please let me know if you have any questions/edits after you have reviewed for accuracy. I've highlighted in yellow the things we need to add, so please let me know as soon as you have that information. We'd like to get a draft to the AUSA in the Virgin Islands as soon as we can tomorrow, so please keep that in mind.

Hope you guys have a good flight tomorrow—
_________________________

EFTA00037420