From: " , (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

To: " , (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: RE: FW: Epstein

Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 14:12:23 +0000

Importance: Normal

Sounds good, thanks

From: , (NY) (FBI)

Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 10:12 AM

To: , (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Re: FW: Epstein

Search warrant was going to be sworn out this afternoon as the judge [ ] available yesterday.

From: , (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 10:07:34 AM

To: , (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: FW: FW: Epstein

Good morning [ ].

In light of Epstein's suicide, I will need to send up an update today.

Just wanted to also add updated information on the search warrant. Was the SW sworn out yesterday?

Any other updates you would like to include, please let me know.

Thank you,

From: , (CID) (FBI)

Sent: Friday, August 09, 2019 11:29 AM

To: , (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Fwd: FW: Epstein

[ ].

Please see below. EM is requesting an updated SCN for Monday morning's brief. On Sunday can you please send me all significant updates?

Also, if you all need anything while your team is down there please let me know.

Thank you,

[ ].

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " , (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Date: Aug 9, 2019 11:15 AM

EFTA00037383

Subject: FW: Epstein

To: " , , (CID) (FBI)" &lt;

Cc:

Please see below request. This will need to be submitted prior to the 7a briefing on Monday. You can send to me, and I will provide to Exec. Staff.

Thanks,

---Original Message---

From: , (SE) (FBI)

Sent: Friday, August 09, 2019 8:22 AM

To: , (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Cc: , (CID) (FBI) &lt;

Subject: Epstein

Re Epstein, For case updates on Monday, please have CAC-HT provide a update about the SW status and interviews. As part of this information, please have CAC-HT (to the best of their ability) provide an updated timeline for their time on site (e.g. - will it be 24 hours or 36 hours, etc).

Thank you

EFTA00037384