EFTA00036400

From:
To:

Subject: Re: Investigations at MCC New York
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 18:15:47 +0000
Importance: Normal

When management is aware that OIG, FBI or the US Attorneys Office will arrive to start interviews; please inform the local. That is not investigation sensitive information but it allows us to effectuate the availability of representatives in the event employees request one, in accordance with their Weingarten Rights.

Thank You,
Local 3148

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Aug 11, 2019, at 8:51 AM, <ser1gregg@gmail.com> wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Please advise if OIG will be at the institution today conducting interviews of the bargaining unit?
&gt;
&gt; This serves as a reminder that OIG will be serving as representatives of the agency. As such, they are required to abide by the Master Agreement. Employees have rights through this process. Their Weingarten Rights still apply.
&gt;
&gt; Additionally, this also serves as a reminder for local management questioning and requesting memorandums.
&gt;
&gt; Employees are entitled to a representative if they reasonably believe what’s taking place can lead to discipline. Once the employee invokes their Weingarten rights, questioning is to stop and the employee seeks their representative. The Local President determines the representative for the employee, not the agency or its representative.
&gt;
&gt; Please respond to the inquiry above as to whether or not OIG is actively present and interviewing staff today.
&gt;
&gt; Thank You,
&gt;
&gt; Sent from my iPhone</ser1gregg@gmail.com>