From: [REDACTED] To:

Subject: RE: Esptein case/ future potential arrest

Date: Tue, 05 May 2020 19:04:14 +0000

Importance: Normal

Ok, thanks

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Tuesday, May 05, 2020 2:10 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: Esptein case/ future potential arrest

This isn't a call that needs to happen anytime soon, but to have prior to the indictment of Maxwell. [REDACTED] and I spoke yesterday about having a call to touch base about victims and notifications and such. It was pretty much to get ahead of it before it happens so we aren't scrambling on who gets notified. We have plenty of time before this happens as we won't even have a grand jury until later this summer.

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Tuesday, May 5, 2020 2:04 PM
To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Subject: FW: Esptein case/ future potential arrest

[REDACTED] what's the purpose of this call?

From: [REDACTED] (DO) (FBI)
Sent: Tuesday, May 05, 2020 7:36 AM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]

Subject: Re: Esptein case/ future potential arrest

Hi [REDACTED]

Yes, I agree that would be a wise idea. I'm happy to get on the phone later this week to discuss. I'm pretty booked today with calls. Any availability Wednesday - Friday?

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, May 4, 2020 4:30 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: Esptein case/ future potential arrest

Hi [REDACTED] - I was speaking to Mandy earlier and she thought it may be a good idea to have a call soon regarding potential case updates; and a discussion on how to handle victim notifications.

EFTA00037445

Let me know if you would like to discuss first prior to a group call. We were thinking that it may be better to start discussing how to handle before it things become hectic again.

Sean - let us know your thoughts.

Thanks-

MS
Victim Specialist
FBI New York Office
cell

EFTA00037446