From: " ___________________________ &gt;" &lt; ___________________________
To: " ___________________________ &gt;
Subject: Re: Fwd: 6031_03C.PATIENT CARE
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 19:34:10 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: TEXT.htm

Let's shoot for Thursday or Friday.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---
From: ___________________________ &gt;
Date: 8/13/19 2:13 PM (GMT-05:00)
To: " ___________________________ &lt; ___________________________
Subject: Re: Fwd: 6031_03C.PATIENT CARE

&gt;&gt;&gt; " ___________________________" 08/13/2019 14:14 &gt;&gt;&gt;
I know you have lot to do. Do you want to perform the Mortality Review for inmate Epstein this week? We have 30 days to complete the review. The people that need to be present are the CD, HSA, 1-MLP and AW over Health Services. I'm on leave next week.

Very Respectfully,
CDR ___________________________
EXT: 6315 Human Resources Training Room

&gt;&gt;&gt; ___________________________ 8/13/2019 1:27 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Right.

Associate Warden
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; ___________________________ 8/13/2019 12:31 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
No problem, but will need time to look up policies and procedures for each specific thing.

Thank you,
CDR ___________________________

&gt;&gt;&gt; ___________________________ 8/13/2019 11:57 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

EFTA00036887

The Supplement is outdated and needs to be updated. Not only with the Naloxone but with other information. You will need to review the entire supplement for updates. Thanks.

```
Associate Warden
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007
```

```
&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/13/2019 10:26 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
```

Hi AW , we can add the Naloxone information in this supplement. I will place Naloxone information in this Supplement and send it to you for your review and if you are OK with it and the Warden is OK with it, we have him sign.

Very respectfully,

CDR , MSA, CCN, USPHS
Health Services Administrator
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row, New York, New York 10007
/

```
&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/13/2019 10:03 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
```

Good Morning,

We need to find time to review the attached Supplement to ensure it is up to date. I would like to add the Naloxone in it instead of creating a new Supplement just for Naloxone. This is what the other institutions have done. Your thoughts? Thanks.

```
Associate Warden
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007
```

```
&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/12/2019 10:54 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
```

Please see the attached.

EFTA00036888