From: _______________________________
To: _______________________________
Cc: _______________________________
Subject: Bradford NH
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 01:18:01 +0000
Importance: Normal

As requested please see the summary of some of the findings contributing to the likelihood of being associated with GHISILAINE.

Mark – please kindly jump in if you understand any of this to be incorrect or have info to add.

1.  ☐ of NYO informed me of a social media post generally detailing the concept that GHISILAINE's sister, formed an LLC with SCOTT BORGERSON. The social media post detailed the fact that GHISILAINE lived with BORGERSON until 2019. The social media post also detailed an LLC named "ANGARA, LLC".
2.  ☐ of NYO also informed me of a significant amount of money (I believe approximately 20 million dollars) was sent from an account known to be associated with GHISILAINE to an entity called "ANGARA", potentially ANGARA TRUST.
3.  Open source records viewed regarding Bradford NH indicated the owner to be GRANITE REALTY LLC of Boston, MA
4.  Upon further inspection it was found that the Massachusetts division of corporations records for ANGARA, LLC are associated with an entity located at Boston MA and an individual named ADAM GHANDER. The entity was also associated with NUTTER, MCLELLEN &amp; FISH LLP.
5.  Said social media post also detailed that ADAM GHANDER is the registered owner of TIDEWOOD LLC who purchased a mansion in Massachusetts where GHISILAINE had been staying since leaving NY.
6.  Upon further inspection it was found that corporation records associated with TIDEWOOD LLC are associated with ADAM GHANDER and The entity was also associated with NUTTER, MCLELLEN &amp; FISH LLP.
7.  Open source records confirmed TIDEWOOD LLC was the owner of an address also associated with SCOTT BORGERSON.

It is the aggregate of all of these common entities in corporation filings, fragmented open source reporting coupled with known historical telephone communications from GHISILANE to NUTTER, MCCLENNEN &amp; FISH LLP that contribute to the high likelihood that is affiliated with GHISILAINE.

Thanks,

Intelligence Analyst
National Security Programs
FBI Boston – New Hampshire RAs
Office

EFTA00037706