18:22

#

#

3 required field(s)

remaining

Start

shall otherwise agree to settle, sell, or transfer any Claim without first obtaining the consent of the other.

## 5. JOINT REPRESENTATION AND DIVISION OF ATTORNEY'S FEE

The Client agrees that the Firm may select and associate with other attorneys to assist in the representation ("Associated Attorney"), for example to bring legal proceedings in jurisdictions where Firm attorneys are not licensed. The Attorney's Fee will not increase by reason of this association. The Associated Attorney will receive a portion of the Attorney's Fee based on the time expended and services provided by the Associated Attorney.

## 6. CONFLICTS WAIVER

The Client acknowledges that the Firm and the Associated Attorney(s) may represent other victims and plaintiffs and may seek recoveries on behalf of such other victims and plaintiffs from one or more of the same defendants that the Firm, and Associated Attorney(s) are seeking recovery from on the Client's behalf. The Client hereby waives in advance any conflict that may arise in this situation(s). The Client also recognizes that circumstances might arise in which the Firm or Associated Attorney(s) may be prevented or disqualified from representing the Client in a particular case or cases. The Firm will promptly inform the Client of any such situation that may require such withdrawal in whole or in part. By signing this Agreement, the Client expressly acknowledges these risks and consents to such waiver and withdrawal.

Furthermore, in the event the Client at any time and for any reason elects to discharge the Firm, or if an adverse relationship arises between the Client and any of the Firm's other clients, the Client acknowledges, agrees, and consents that the Firm may continue without restriction to represent the Firm's other client(s) in any and all matters, including those that arise from or relate to any Claim(s), including the Claim(s) in which the conflict arose.

## 7. COSTS, DISBURSEMENTS, AND LITIGATION EXPENSES

The Firm may incur various costs and litigation expenses in performing legal services under this Agreement. The Client agrees to pay all costs, disbursements, and litigation expenses paid or owed by the Client in connection with the Claim(s), or which have been advanced by the Firm on the Client's behalf and which have not been previously paid or reimbursed to the Firm (collectively "Expenses").

Unless otherwise determined by the court, costs, disbursements, and litigation expenses commonly include court fees; jury fees; service of process charges; court and deposition reporters' fees; transcripts; interpreter/translator fees; photocopying reproduction costs and printing; notary fees; messenger and other delivery fees; postage; deposition costs; reasonable travel expenses including

AA

.na4.documents.adobe.com

#

#

#

#

EFTA00037151