From: "Mark L. Epstein" &lt;&gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;, "STACEY RICHMAN" &lt;&gt;

Subject: FW: Re: Why did you change his password? FORWARD TO KEVIN PONDER
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 17:59:51 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: RE-_JE_2.pdf; RE-_JE.pdf

This guy has hacked into my emails. See attachments.

From: R O [mailto: ][redacted]
Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 6:15 PM
To: [redacted]
Subject: Fwd: Re: Why did you change his password?

Jeffrey's girlfriend was arrested. The next person to be arrested is you. That's with my information.

پيام باز ارسال شده
protonmail.com&gt;
Date: 1 3:22 2020
موضوع: Re: Why did you change his password?
گيرنده: "R O" &lt; [redacted]&gt;
Cc:

&gt; Trying to find the other.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email.
&gt;
&gt; --- Original Message ---
&gt; On Tuesday, June 30, 2020 6:51 PM, 1010101044444 [redacted] wrote:
&gt;
&gt;&gt; Sorry for the delay. Was eating dinner. I got some emails that have to do with JE but also some weird email that was sent to him by someone saying 'barr' caused them pain. I'll send them to you. Don't know what it really means, maybe you can see what it is?
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Sent with ProtonMail Secure Email.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; --- Original Message ---
&gt;&gt; On Tuesday, June 30, 2020 6:33 PM, R O &lt; [redacted] wrote:
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; I think Mark is a good person, but he is very interested in women and has a lot to do with them.
&gt;&gt;&gt; The wealth of his brother is determined by the government. He no longer has much time to use his brother's wealth. He is old. He doesn't even believe in God. he has been in contact with underage girls. And...
&gt;&gt;&gt; I was going to take some money from him and give it back to him later. I'm not a thief.
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;

EFTA00037256

EFTA00037257

&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; What do you know?
&gt;&gt;&gt;.
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;