EFTA00037319

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Fwd: Media Contact- Seeking FBI
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2019 00:50:27 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks

SSA
FBI New York

On Aug 21, 2019 7:26 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:
Copy, thanks for heads up

On Aug 21, 2019 5:03 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; wrote:

See below.

just wanted you to know since this might come to you. It's obviously re: Epstein.

I'm on AL spotty service that's why emails.

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Date: Aug 21, 2019 4:58 PM
Subject: Media Contact- Seeking FBI
To: "Feely, Martin R. (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;, "Senatore, Adrienne L. (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Cc:

Marty, Adrienne:

I was just contacted by Deanna Paul, a reporter for the Washington Post. She is CCd to this email.

Deanna: Marty and Adrienne work in our Office of Public Affairs.

In her former life, Deanna was an excellent ADA in Brooklyn. We worked a case together-with NYPD SVU- involving the sexual abuse of several minors in the US and overseas. She got him convicted. That is how she had my contact info.

Deanna would like to speak with an agent about the challenges of working sex trafficking cases, especially in cases where the line between victim and subject may be blurred. (My interpretation of her request, not

her words).

Deanna is not looking to do a feature on an agent, etc; she is seeking background information.

I told Deanna that you two would be the right people to possibly help facilitate a conversation, if anyone there is willing to do so.

If you guys need anything else from me, feel free to hit me up.

Thanks!

EFTA00037320