EFTA00037568

From: " [REDACTED] A. (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;, " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;

Subject: Fwd: Weekend update

Date: Sun, 25 Aug 2019 14:33:10 +0000

Importance: Normal

Copy. Our plan will be end of day reporting Mon - Fri. Having just gone three weeks straight and with the case slowing to a normal investigative pattern, at this time I don't foresee us working weekends. If that changes it would be due to a significant event which we'll brief up.

Just let us know who the designated CID POC is.

Thanks

On Aug 25, 2019 10:28 AM, " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Copy...thank you. Since it's coming through [REDACTED], it would make sense for updates to be sent to me and [REDACTED]. I'm sure ICVCU will appreciate the break. I'll confirm and let you know.

On Aug 25, 2019 10:26 AM, " [REDACTED] A. (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

I was just getting ready to shoot an email to [REDACTED] that we won't have anything for today. We are planning for Mon-Fri reporting.

We are consolidating all reporting (VCAC, VC, and CR) through [REDACTED]. Assume CID will be consolidating too? Is that through you or the VC side?

On Aug 25, 2019 10:18 AM, " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Please let me know if y'all have an update planned for today (or not).

Thanks,

Forwarded message

From: " [REDACTED], (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;

Date: Aug 25, 2019 10:14 AM

Subject: Fwd: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files

To: " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;

Cc: [REDACTED]

See below. The VC squad has nothing planned for today on the Epstein case. Can we make sure VCAC has nothing planned as well?

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Date: Aug 24, 2019 11:36 AM
Subject: Fwd: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files
To: " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Cc:

FYI,

Per NY, no updates planned for this weekend by VC Squad.

---

--- Forwarded message ---

From: [REDACTED]
Date: Aug 24, 2019 11:32 AM
Subject: FBINET to UNET Uploaded Files
To: " [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Cc:

EFTA00037569