From:
To:

Subject: Fwd: RE: Epstein HDs
Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 11:04:18 +0000
Importance: Normal

has been coordinating with She's the POC.

On Oct 14, 2020 11:29 AM, wrote:
Pls ensure that sdny is aware and knows how to access this stuff. Who can reach out to at sdny in NY to discuss?

--- Forwarded message ---
From:
Date: Oct 13, 2020 5:18 PM
Subject: RE: Epstein HDs
To:
Cc:

All the devices and media have been available through our CAIR system for over a year. I suggest you review through that system. I have already given several people access to those machines. I can add more as needed. All the additional exports with the exception of 6 machines have been completed and can be shipped over to Southern tomorrow. I'll be available in the afternoon after I get back from the Bronx where ill be getting some information off some of the evidence that was already checked back in and is now in storage. If any of this needs clarification, please feel free to call my cell so we can discuss.

On Oct 13, 2020 1:56 PM, "  &gt; wrote:
is copied on this and will be your POC for this week since is OCONUS.
Can you pls let us know your progress on these devices and how our folks can review them? Also, how many devices are we looking at that will need to be reviewed by us? We are trying to set up resources to get through them ASAP. SDNY has agreed to review some and we will review the remaining balance.

may have a few additional questions for you as well. She will reach out.

Thanks

EFTA00037676

From:
Sent: Friday, October 09, 2020 12:55 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Epstein HDs

Sounds good _______ is on top of this and will take care of it. If there are any other issues or concerns, don't hesitate to reach out.

On Oct 9, 2020 12:39 PM, Good talking to you today
is getting 3 - 2TB External HDs today and will leave them on ______ desk. ______ will Email everyone when they are there for him. If you don't need the 3rd drive you can send it back to us.

On a rolling basis, can ______ let ______ know when the HDs are done so we can alert SDNY and coordinate getting them over there. Given the attention this case is getting from EM we want to ensure there are no delays/issues. ______ is OCONUS next week on this case so pls copy me on any update ______ has.

Appreciate everyone's help on this as usual.

Call or email with any questions

EFTA00037677