EFTA00019907

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Hi Ok you can check now
Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2019 23:40:11 +0000

From: etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com <etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>
Sent: Wednesday, December 18, 2019 6:38 PM
To: " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: Final Voucher 10893150(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review

Dear " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Final voucher 10893150(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log into E2 Solutions to review the document.

Trip ID: 10893150
Voucher ID: 1
Voucher type: Final
Traveler name: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Purpose: R20NYS13257 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States
Dates: 2019-12-15 - 2019-12-17
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval

Voucher total expenses: 1360.82
Estimated trip cost: 1907.95

E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html

E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0012
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.</etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>