From: "Biase, Nicholas (USANYS)"
To: "
Cc: "
, "Margolin, James (USANYS) [Contractor]"
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell update
Date: Tue, 20 Jul 2021 20:42:59 +0000

Appreciate it, thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 20, 2021, at 4:38 PM,  ☐ wrote:

No comment on #6, thanks very much.

From: Biase, Nicholas (USANYS)
Sent: Tuesday, July 20, 2021 3:24 PM
To: ☐ (USANYS)
Cc: Margolin, James (USANYS) [Contractor]
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell update

I know all of the answers except #6. Defer to you on how to handle that one, unless you think that's a better question for ☐. Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Gadher, Dipesh"
Date: July 20, 2021 at 3:17:20 PM EDT
To: "Biase, Nicholas (USANYS)"
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell update

Dear Nick

I hope this email finds you well. Since we last spoke,

I wanted to check a few things with you if I may on the Ghislaine Maxwell case:

1) Is it correct to say that there will now be TWO trials - the first on the child sex trafficking charges (covering the period 1994-2004) and the second on the 2016 perjury charges?
2) Is the main trial still scheduled to start in November?
3) Is there any date set aside for the perjury trial?
4) What does this mean for the maximum sentence that Maxwell can now receive? I think we previously talked settled on up to 80 years behind bars.
5) Is the investigation into Maxwell and Epstein's network still ongoing?

EFTA00019656

6) If so, does Prince Andrew remain a person of interest? Have US prosecutors managed to get a statement from him yet or are there any arrangements in the pipeline to do so?

I'd be grateful if you could drop me line with some responses within the next 48 hours if at possible please. Many thanks

All the best
Dipesh

The Sunday Times

1 London Bridge Street

London SE1 9GF

Tel: [REDACTED]

Mob: [REDACTED]

"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail"

This e-mail and any attachments are confidential, may be legally privileged and are the property of News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited on whose systems they were generated. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited is the holding company for the News UK group, is registered in England &amp; Wales under number 81701, has its registered office at 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF and is registered with VAT number GB 243 8054 69. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not use, distribute, store or copy it in any way. Statements or opinions in this e-mail or any attachment are those of the author and are not necessarily agreed or authorised by News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited or any member of its group. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited may monitor outgoing or incoming emails as permitted by law. It accepts no liability for viruses introduced by this e-mail or attachments.

News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited and its titles are committed to abiding by IPSO's regulations and the Editors' Code of Practice that IPSO enforces.

EFTA00019657