EFTA00019664

From:
To: " " " " " "
Cc: " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Follow Up Call
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2019 15:26:53 +0000

That works for us. You can call my office number, which is [redacted]

Thanks.

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 8:34 AM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; [redacted]
Cc: [redacted] &gt; [redacted] &gt; [redacted]
[redacted] &gt; [redacted] &gt; [redacted]

and I are both available today at 1:30 MT/ 3:30 ET if that still works for you. Just let us know what number to call.

Thanks.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Saturday, August 17, 2019 3:49 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; [redacted]
Cc: [redacted] &gt; [redacted] &gt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted]
[redacted] &gt; [redacted] &gt; [redacted]

Thanks for the response and good luck in your trial.

[redacted]

Let me know if any of the below proposed days and times work for you:

Monday - 1:30 MT/ 3:30 ET

Tuesday - 9:30 MT / 11:30 ET

Wednesday - 9:30 MT / 11:30 ET or 1:30 MT / 3:30 ET

Best,

Holland

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 17, 2019, at 12:46 PM, [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

[redacted]

We certainly can be in touch. I'm copying my colleagues on the case [redacted], because I have a trial starting August 26 so I'll be mostly unavailable next week, but it should be possible to find a time for one or both of them to chat. If you send a couple possible times for next week we can figure it out.

thanks,

[redacted]

From: [redacted]

Sent: Friday, August 16, 2019 14:01

To: [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt;

Subject: Follow Up Call

[redacted]

Would you have a couple of minutes to chat with me and one of my colleagues about some NM-related Epstein matters this afternoon or early next week? If today works for you, I am available any time after 1:30 MT / 3:30 ET today. It is nothing urgent.

[redacted]

EFTA00019665