FD-302 (Rev. 5-8-10)

- 1 of 1 -

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

OFFICIAL RECORD
For International Investigations: 1958-2019
1958-2019
1958-2019
1958-2019
1958-2019

Date of entry 08/28/2019

On August 16, 2019, at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) 150 Park Row, New York, NY, Special Agent (SA) [redacted], SA [redacted], TFO [redacted], OIG Investigator [redacted] and MCC Lt. [redacted] interviewed [redacted], MCC Inmate [redacted]. After being advised of the identities of the agents and the purpose of the interview, [redacted] provided the following information:

On Friday (August 09, 2019), [redacted] was housed in Cell [redacted] on [redacted] of the Special Housing Unit within MCC. He received a visit from his girlfriend, [redacted], that day. He was suspected of receiving contraband at the visit and was placed in the dry room for approximately 25 hours. [redacted] was then moved to [redacted] tier Cell [redacted].

[redacted] last day being housed in [redacted] was Friday (August 9, 2019) prior to his visit.

[redacted] remembers that JEFFREY EPSTEIN would be in legal from approximately 9am to 9pm and he was housed in cell 220 in L Tier.

FERNANEZ had no information regarding the death of EPSTEIN.

|  Investigation on | 08/16/2019 | at | New York, New York, United States (In Person)  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  File # |  |  | Date drafted 08/19/2019  |
|  by |  |  |   |

This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside your agency.

EFTA00018135