EFTA00018898

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Confidential - Epstein

Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2019 17:23:32 +0000

Looks good

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, August 16, 2019 9:39 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Confidential - Epstein

Thoughts?

Thank you for reaching out. We are not able to share that information at this time. If there is anything that you believe would be useful for us to know as we continue our investigation, please let us know.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, August 16, 2019 9:33 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: Confidential - Epstein

How should we respond to this?

From: Martin G. Weinberg &lt;

Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2019 4:53 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;

Subject: Confidential - Epstein

, provided us with your contact info. As the prior criminal defense attorneys for Mr Epstein, and with the approval of the attorney for his Estate, we would ask for you to consider allowing one or more of us to view any videos showing his jail cell at the MCC or the hallway leading to the entry to his jail cell from midnight-7 AM on Aug 10, 2019. We would appreciate your consideration of this request.

If we can otherwise help, let us know.

Thanks

Marty

Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.

This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.