EFT A00019699

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Cooperator info re Epstein

Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2019 22:20:33 +0000

I'd be willing to bet some money that today will not be the last time you'll be hearing about and .

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 28, 2019 6:07 PM

To: . (USANY) &lt;

Subject: FW: Cooperator info re Epstein

All roads lead to you. FYI.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Saturday, August 24, 2019 2:54 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Subject: Re: Cooperator info re Epstein

He did, but is the one who spoke directly with him, so he can give you the most detail. (I took off this, so he doesn't respond with the substance and create needless 3500.) The most significant takeaway I recall from summary was that " said he gave Epstein the sheets he used. But again, this is second-hand, and has his own issues we can discuss separately.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 24, 2019, at 2:38 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Thanks. Did he provide more substance beyond he heard information relating to Epstein? If so, let's talk Monday.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Saturday, August 24, 2019 1:52 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Subject: Re: Cooperator info re Epstein

Let me know if you want to meet with . He's nd we haven't yet decided whether to extend him a cooperation agreement.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 23, 2019, at 6:12 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Hi and .

I just spoke with , who got a call from an aspiring cooperator at MCC named . reported that another MCC inmate known as "

—gave him information relating to Epstein. For several months, has been desperately trying to figure out how he can cooperate, often relying on second- and third-hand information that’s not actionable unless another inmate also cooperates. We can also talk in person next week about the relative quality of his information.

I leave it to you guys to follow up with as you see fit. I’m sure someone on this email can make available to you, if you want, once you get a sense of what he’s about. I just don’t want to unilaterally sit on this.

Have a nice weekend!

Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York

EFTA00019700