From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: bail application
Date: Thu, 03 Dec 2020 01:41:20 +0000

Thank you for letting me know. ☐ will want to strenuously oppose bail.

Sent by Boxer

On December 2, 2020 at 8:37:24 PM EST, ☐ wrote:

We wanted to let you know that Ghislaine Maxwell’s attorneys intend to file a new bail application. The application has not yet been filed, and we don’t have a specific briefing schedule or hearing date. We will make sure to keep you updated, but we wanted to touch base in advance to make sure you were aware. As always, please feel free to give us a call if you have any questions or if you’d like to discuss this.

Thank you,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00019931