From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;

Subject: Re: US v Epstein
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 23:54:42 +0000

I am looping in [redacted] and [redacted] on this question. Have you guys ever dealt with an issue like this?

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 7:47 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Per the below, Epstein’s counsel has asked to have a pathologist at the autopsy (and whether it can be delayed until they’re able to arrange for that. Anyone I can point them toward on that issue?? This seems way outside our lane but not sure who else they could ask. Thanks and sorry for the unusual question.

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Miller, Michael" &lt;&gt;
Date: August 10, 2019 at 19:34:37 EDT
To: " (redacted)" &lt;&gt;, "Martin G. Weinberg" &lt;&gt;, "Weingarten, Reid" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (redacted)" &lt;&gt;, " (redacted)"
&gt;&gt;, " (redacted)"
&gt;&gt;, " (redacted)"

Subject: RE: US v Epstein

[redacted] —

Thanks for being available today and for getting the wheels turning for an investigation into how he died.

On a related note, we are hearing that Jeffrey’s autopsy may occur tomorrow morning. We would like to have a pathologist present for his autopsy and cannot line up someone on such short notice. Is there any way to push the autopsy off until Tuesday to give us time to do that?

Mike

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:31 PM
To: Miller, Michael &lt; [redacted] &gt;; Martin G. Weinberg &lt; [redacted] &gt;; Weingarten, Reid &lt; [redacted]
Cc: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] &lt; [redacted]
&gt;&gt;, " (redacted) &lt; [redacted]
&gt;&gt;, " (redacted) &lt; [redacted]

Subject: RE: US v Epstein

Mike, Marty, Reid,

EFTA00018974

I just wanted to let you know that I don't expect we'll have any further updates today, and so wanted to send you a brief note to let you know that since we hadn't otherwise been in touch since earlier this afternoon. I imagine we will continue to be in contact in the coming days; meanwhile, I appreciate you being in touch today, and I hope the investigations of these events will be thorough and swift.

respectfully,

EFTA00018975