From: "(NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: 'Gloria Allred' &lt; &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;, " &gt;
Cc: " &gt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Date: Mon, 21 Oct 2019 16:23:24 +0000

Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.png; image005.jpg; image006.png

Thanks Gloria.

From: Gloria Allred [mailto: ] Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 12:12 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

It is .

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500
Los Angeles, CA 90048
www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG 2018
Best Lawyers
Martindale-Hubbell
A PREEMINENT
May Relive for Physical Injury
A PREEMINENT
May Relive for General Injury
2018

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 9:02 AM
To: &lt; &gt;; Gloria Allred &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Hi Gloria,

Is this client ? I know you've already forward information to Victim Services. If it is not , and your client wants to attend, we will need that info ASAP. Can you let me know.

Thanks,

EFTA00019703

FBI New York
VCAC/Human Trafficking
C: [REDACTED]
O: [REDACTED]

From: [REDACTED] [mailto:] [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 9:40 AM
To: Gloria Allred  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;;  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;;  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;.
Cc: [REDACTED]  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;;  &lt; [REDACTED]  (NY) (FBI)  &lt; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Gloria,

We will make ourselves available to meet with your new client on 10/23. Because the victim meeting is being run by the FBI, their victim services folks are handling travel logistics. I'm cc'ing [REDACTED], who should be able to hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [REDACTED] with your new client's name as it appears on her ID, date of birth, email address, and phone number?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: Gloria Allred  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;
Sent: Friday, October 18, 2019 5:02 PM
To: [REDACTED]  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;.
Cc: [REDACTED]  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;  &lt; [REDACTED]  &gt;

Subject: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500
Los Angeles, CA 90048

EFTA00019704

www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com

ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG 2016
Best Lawyers
Martindale-Hubbell
A
PREEIMENT
Any Point to Your Choice
If Promotional Business
SAVE

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [REDACTED] Thank you.

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [REDACTED] Thank you.

EFTA00019705