EFTA00019127

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " " " " , " " " "

Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update
Date: Mon, 09 Nov 2020 15:22:13 +0000

I'm tied up from 11:45 to 12:30 and 2 to 3, but otherwise happy to dial-in to the call.

From: &lt;
Sent: Monday, November 09, 2020 10:10 AM
To: &lt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;
Subject: Re: Epstein Estate update

Thanks, I can join a call this afternoon, as long as you're ok taking the lead. I'll be continuing to review images at a snail's pace during all of my calls today.

On Nov 9, 2020, at 9:55 AM, &lt; wrote:

Given that today is the deadline, I would be fine pushing this call to tomorrow to make more time today. Or if you'd prefer I can just deal with this call alone this afternoon.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Weinstein, Marc A." &lt;
Date: November 9, 2020 at 9:49:47 AM EST
To: " " " " , " " " "
Cc: Andrew Tomback &lt;
Subject: Epstein Estate update

and :

Would you have time for a call this afternoon to give you an update on a new development?

Thanks,
Marc

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner
Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

EFTA00019128