Kalamata
Billington Lane
Derrington
Stafford
ST18 9LR
23 Feb 2020

To: Mel Stride – Chairman of the UK Treasury Select Committee

Copies To:
Federal Bureau of Intelligence
Dame Elizabeth Gloster
The Press

# Bailey and the TSC Suppressing Key Information to the FBI, PRA, and FCA Regarding the Jes Staley JP Morgan Emails

Dear Mr Stride,

I believe you should have an email from me sent to yourself in particular, and copied to members of the Treasury Select Committee on the 22nd of December 2019. I received a reply a month later from Maciej Wenerski who handled it as a FOIA, with the obligatory one month grace before hitting the send button.

I shall not repeat myself too much here, but the issue is raised in the public domain now, with the FBI, FCA and the PRA all investigating Jes Staley's conduct while working at JP Morgan, which ostensibly should disqualify him from holding a senior position in a bank – he was never fit to be CEO of Barclays.

Clearly according the FOIA responses I received from the TSC, the blackmail emails from Epstein should have been enough to have had Staley dismissed in 2015, and would give substantial context to the emails held by JP Morgan. The TSC has had the Epstein emails now for almost five years – and no MP and no civil servant did the honourable thing and demand the FCA investigate.

Mr Stride, do you take personal responsibility for the TSC withholding key legal evidence to ongoing inquiries? Which civil servants in the TSC are involved with the cover-up? Are they expecting a role in Barclays after the dust has settled?

Andrew Bailey of the FCA and Lisa Osofsky of the SFO both explicitly refused to investigate Staley after I supplied them with FOIA responses. Did the TSC order the FCA and the SFO to stand down? It is only the US press that has forced the British establishment's hand. Had Staley's role in JP Morgan not been reported there would be no investigation.

I believe the general public would be correct to infer that Epstein not only blackmailed Parliament to put Staley into position, but blackmailed it into accepting Bailey and Osofsky. Both would need to be corrupted in order for Staley to keep his job. Why is Bailey being considered for top job at the Bank of England when the FCA that he runs has a 98% disapproval rating from the general public.

Bailey and the FCA are answerable to the Treasury which is answerable to Parliament.

EFTA00019892

It is noted that Andrew Bailey and Mark Carney are being investigated for the LC&amp;F scandal.

To remind you, my friend [REDACTED] may well have been murdered for exposing the Epstein and Staley story back in 2017. The timing of her death and the contents of her exposé were given as evidence to Judge Worster of the Birmingham Court. The Court now refuses to accept my emails and he stonewalls me. Worster served two restraining orders against me. The effect of these orders is patent – they blocked the truth about Staley being publicly validated in a legal document and signed off by a High Court judge. They also allowed Deutsche Bank to get away with never having to file incriminating evidence against themselves.

Did Worster take a bribe or was he ordered by the TSC to gag me? I presume if Staley was going to bribe a judge to cover up his role in the Epstein paedophile circle, he would have to make sure the Lord Chief Justice Ian Burnett was in the loop. Lord Etherton seems to have implied Burnett was himself a paedphile. You may have heard about this. I wonder if Burnett was Epstein's pick? Certainly someone who works with both Lord Adrian PIE Fulford and Paul Kernaghan has to be highly suspect. I guess the truth must be in your email system somewhere.

Did you bother asking the FCA to investigate Roger Jenkins, who also appears to have also gone to Epstein's child-rape parties?

Yours sincerely
Mark Anthony Taylor

EFTA00019893