June 9, 2021 prep
AUSA Det

- called her mother, to ask whether the mother would be willing to meet with AUSA and FBI. Call was placed on speakerphone.
- asked to meet with government to tell what remembers from when was a teenager and interacting with Maxwell
- Without prompting, said she remembered that was spending a lot of time with , who would borrow car; remembers receiving calls on her phone from and “Giselle or whatever her name is”; remembers receiving packages of Victoria’s Secret lingerie
- told repeatedly not to tell what she remembers but just to meet with the government and tell them because it could be helpful
- is willing to meet with government if is present

- prepared for direct testimony

- attended in Palm Beach; lived with her mother and her younger brother; did what she wanted to because her mother was addicted to crack and an alcoholic

- first went to JE’s house because of , who met through
- was boyfriend, who was older than and lived across the street from
- recalled meeting when she was 13. recalled telling that she was in fact 16 and about to be 17 years old. When turned 14, she told her true age.
- was 17 when met him and is about 3 years older than .
- went to the same charter school as and her boyfriend
- was skinny with blonde hair and very pretty
- was about 14 when she met
- does not recall knowing age, does not recall asking how old she was

- , , and would smoke weed and drink when they hung out
- recalls one time when she and were alone in the bathroom and asked if wanted to make money by giving a guy a massage. asked how much money she would get, and said $300 or $300, so agreed.
- recalls that gave an outfit to wear the first time went to JE’s house. It was short shorts and a skimpy top.
- first went to JE’s house when she was about 14 years old. drove in car to JE’s house that first time.
- JE’s house was on Palm Beach off the intercoastal. The house was pink when first went there, but was later painted white.

EFTA00019916

EFTA00019917

○ When  &amp;  first arrived at JE’s house, they walked into the kitchen where there was a chef cooking, who asked if  wanted food. Then Maxwell approached.  believes Maxwell’s first name may have been “Giselle” or “Gisine,” but she is not certain.  is certain her last name was Maxwell, and  referred to her as Maxwell.  does not know how to pronounce Maxwell’s first name.

- Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which  recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian.

-  introduced  to Maxwell as my friend  .

- Maxwell told  in  presence that Jeffrey will be back soon and that  should take  upstairs and show her what to do.

○  and  then went upstairs into Jeffrey’s bedroom, past his bed into his bathroom.

- When  walked into the bathroom, she saw the sink to the right, shower and steamroom in front, toilet to the left, and ugly polka dot couch to the left.  recalls seeing a bunch of naked pictures of different women in the closet handing on the wall and the massage table.

-  believes that the clock in the bathroom had a camera in it.  also believes that the house across the street from JE’s house had the FBI in it because she saw a telescope in one of the windows.  acknowledged that no one ever told her there was a camera in the clock or that the FBI was across the street.  never saw the camera itself or the FBI across the street.  indicated that she gets feelings like premonitions and believes strongly that the camera had a clock and the building across the street had the FBI in it.

○  showed  how to set up the massage table, where the oils and lotions were. Lotions were in the dresser to left as  walked into the bathroom.  also saw massagers that she later learned were sex toys.

○  got fully naked.  got into her bra and underwear.

○ JE then came into the room, brushed his teeth, got undressed, and laid on the massage table on his stomach.

-  and  each rubbed on of JE’s legs and butt cheek. They continued massaging him for about 45 minutes.

- After about 45 minutes, JE turned over, and  got on top of him.

-  told  she could sit on the couch.

-  sat on the couch while  had sexual intercourse with JE.

- JE did not touch  during this massage.

○ After JE finished having sex with  , he got into the shower.

○ After the massage,  gave  $400.  got $600.  recalls the cash being in 20s and 100s.

EFTA00019918

○ When [redacted] and [redacted] went downstairs, Maxwell asked [redacted] for her number so [redacted] could massage JE again. [redacted] gave Maxwell her cellphone number. [redacted] saw Maxwell write the phone number down in a black book.

- [redacted] provided over 100 paid sexualized massages to JE after that first time. About 2 or 3 times per week. Stopped massaging JE when [redacted] was about 18, almost 19 years old. Around that time, JE asked [redacted] if she knew anyone younger she could bring. [redacted] figured she was too old at that point.

○ The details of each massage run together in [redacted] memory, but certain events stand out more than others.

○ [redacted] would get to JE’s house by taking cabs that JE would pay for, or [redacted] would drive [redacted] in [redacted] mom’s car.

○ To schedule massages, either Maxwell or [redacted] would call [redacted]. Sometimes [redacted] called herself to ask if she could schedule a massage when she ran out of money for drugs.

- [redacted] recalls that Maxwell called her for the first year or two that [redacted] was going over to JE’s house, after which [redacted] became the person who called.

- [redacted] was an assistant who was younger than Maxwell with light brown hair.

- After Maxwell stopped calling to schedule appointments, [redacted] would still see Maxwell at JE’s house, but Maxwell would mainly stay in the office area.

- Maxwell and [redacted] would call [redacted] cellphone, [redacted] mom’s cellphone, and [redacted] phone number to schedule [redacted] for massages.

- [redacted] gave all of those numbers to Maxwell or [redacted].

- At one point, Maxwell asked [redacted] if she could call [redacted] back on the number [redacted] had called from, which was [redacted] number. [redacted] recalls that Maxwell put that number in the black book.

- When someone would call [redacted] mom, her mom would tell [redacted] that a lady is calling for her and would give her the phone.

- When someone would call [redacted] phone, he would give [redacted] the phone and tell her to schedule an appointment.

- When Maxwell would call, she would ask [redacted] if she could come over at a particular time.

- A couple times, Maxwell told [redacted] that Maxwell and Epstein were in New York and that she and Epstein and [redacted] would be coming back to Palm Beach. [redacted] estimates this happened about ten to twelve times. [redacted] recalls that Maxwell was calling from a Manhattan area code during those calls.

- Other times, when Maxwell would say she was calling from Florida, the calls came from a Palm Beach area code.

- When [redacted] would call, she would ask if [redacted] would be available to come to Palm Beach at a particular time.

■ would reach out to schedule appointments herself because she was addicted to drugs and wanted to numb everything. would use marijuana and cocaine before going to JE’s house.
■ only recalls speaking with JE on the phone once. She recalls he said he was in New York and Palm Beach. JE wired $200 because she needed money.

○ When [redacted] didn’t drive [redacted], she would either take a cab, or JE had a couple male employees who would drive town cars. Maxwell or [redacted] would tell [redacted] either they’d pay for the cab or would send a car for her.
■ would borrow [redacted] mom’s car to drive [redacted] sometimes.
■ was too young to get her license so couldn’t legally drive herself, but she nevertheless drove herself to JE’s house in her mom’s car once or twice.

○ [redacted] never went inside JE’s house. [redacted] met JE once or twice. [redacted] recalls talking with JE about the cars JE owned.

○ [redacted] never entered JE’s house through the front door, always entered through the door that led into the kitchen. Once inside, [redacted] would usually see Maxwell and the chef. Once or twice, [redacted] saw the housekeeper and his wife, but they were only at JE’s house for the beginning of [redacted] time going to JE’s house, then they left.

■ Maxwell would offer [redacted] food or water, and [redacted] would wait for JE
■ Maxwell engaged [redacted] in conversation sometimes. Maxwell asked [redacted] if she was an only child and asked about [redacted] parents. [redacted] told Maxwell that [redacted] and that [redacted] mother was an addict and an alcoholic. Maxwell asked if anything bad had ever happened to [redacted] because of her mother’s addiction, and [redacted] told Maxwell that [redacted] cousins [redacted]. Maxwell asked [redacted], and [redacted] told Maxwell [redacted]. Maxwell asked [redacted] if she ever masturbated and told [redacted] there were sex toys upstairs (this was the same day JE tried to put a massager on [redacted] vagina). [redacted] told Maxwell that [redacted].

■ Maxwell asked [redacted] what her bust and hip sizes were. A couple weeks later, [redacted] began receiving packages with bras and underwear from Victoria’s Secret. Maxwell asked [redacted] to wear the lingerie so Epstein could see them.

■ Maxwell told [redacted] that JE would pay for [redacted] to go to massage school, but [redacted] told Maxwell that [redacted] was too young. That same appointment, JE gave [redacted] with a book called Massage for Dummies.

■ Maxwell asked [redacted] if she’d like to go to an island that JE owned. [redacted] responded that [redacted] mom would not let her because she was 15 years old. Maxwell acted like she didn’t hear [redacted] and said ok then walked back into the office. Maxwell continued to call [redacted] to schedule massages with JE after [redacted] told Maxwell her age.

EFTA00019919

EFTA00019920

After going into the kitchen for each massage, went upstairs into JE’s bathroom, put the massage table together, then got undressed.

- At first, just got into her bra and underwear.
- Later on, would get fully nude and put her clothes on the couch. JE offered to pay an extra $100 if she would take off her bra, and an extra $100 if she would take off her underwear.

○ Maxwell saw nude in the massage room about two times when was about 15 years old.

- First time, Maxwell just looked at and said had a nice body
- Second time, Maxwell fondled breasts and touched buttocks and said had a nice body for Mr. Epstein’s friends. recalls feeling weird about this because JE wouldn’t touch the way that Maxwell did. JE would touch breasts and bottom, but not the way that Maxwell did. also felt weird because Maxwell was talking about other people.
- After Maxwell saw nude in the massage room, Maxwell called to schedule additional massage appointments about a couple more times

○ came into the massage room and saw naked in the room a couple times. also took naked photos of .

- called and said JE would like to take pictures of . would be the one taking pictures, and could bring a bathing suit. asked to take some nude photos too. paid $500 for the photos. took the photos inside and outside on JE’s property.
- remembers telling that was 16 years old. said was really beautiful and asked how old was. was young and looked like she was about 20 years old.
- does not know what happened to the photos took.

○ During massage appointments, JE would come in, would first massage JE for about 45 minutes, then JE would turn over.

- A couple times, got into the steamroom with JE.

○ During the massage portion, JE would engage in conversation.

- JE asked about family life, things had been through, and what wanted to do with her life. JE asked about family, and she told him she lived with her mom and her mom is a drug addict and an alcoholic. JE asked if had ever been to a massage shop, and said no. told JE .

- JE asked if was willing to go to Paris, and told JE she was 14 years old and her mom would never let her go on a trip. JE also invited to his house on the island, but said her mom wouldn’t let her. JE asked if she could get a passport, and said she was 15 and her mom would not allow her to travel.
- JE told that had gone to Thailand. does not remember JE telling anything about travel with

EFTA00019921

After each massage, would get paid.

- recalls being paid $300 or $400
- stole an extra $100 from JE a couple times, so would get up to $500 total
- Usually the money was waiting on the sink in the bathroom
- Maxwell handed the money a couple times (more than twice)
- handed the money a couple times
- recalls that the money would be 100s, 50s, or 20s, but mostly 100s

received gifts from JE

- Massage for Dummies book
- Lingerie from Victoria’s Secret, would arrive via FedEx from New York (Manhattan address) in either Epstein’s or Maxwell’s name
- One time, Maxwell called , told Epstein would like to send some things, and asked for address. provided her address, which was in West Gate in Florida. This was after Maxwell had asked for hip and bust size.

JE asked to bring female friends. JE asked if had anyone her age or younger to bring.

- recalls bringing about 3 or 4 friends to JE’s house. Remembers , , , and little sister. was about 17, was younger than , was in her 30s so JE kicked out and didn’t want her there, little sister was about 15.
- Maxwell once asked if she had any friends who would be interested in massaging JE.
- would bring her friends into the kitchen at JE’s house, then upstairs. remembers being paid $200 extra when she brought a friend, so would get $500, and the friend would get $300.

Each massage with JE lasted about one hour

- After the massage part, JE would roll over, masturbate, tell to touch his nipples, and touch breasts or buttocks
- JE masturbated during every massage
- JE touched breasts during every massage
- JE touched buttocks during every massage
- JE touched vagina during a couple massages

- recalls seeing multiple naked photos of Maxwell in JE’s house, including a photograph of Maxwell pregnant. Based on those photos, believed Maxwell was JE’s wife.
- When was going to JE’s house, would lie to her mother and say she was cleaning JE’s house
- When was older, engaged in paid sex acts to pay for hotel rooms when her family was homeless

6

- After [redacted] had her baby, when she went back to JE’s home, JE asked [redacted] to give him breast milk, tried to suck on [redacted] breast, [redacted] stopped him, then gave him breast milk in a cup

EFTA00019922