From: " (USANYS)" &lt;---&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;---&gt;, " (USANYS)"
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;---&gt;, " (USANYS)"

Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Letter re Sealing of Renewed Bail Motion (to be Filed Under Seal)

Date: Wed, 25 Nov 2020 20:47:03 +0000

Attachments: 2020.11.25_Letter_to_Judge_Nathan_re_Sealing_of_Renewed_Bail_Motion.PDF

Inline-Images: image005.jpg; image006.jpg

FYI

From: Christian Everdell &lt;---&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 2:12 PM
To: &lt;---&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;---&gt;, (USANYS) &lt;---&gt;;; (USANYS) &lt;---&gt;; Mark S. Cohen &lt;---&gt;; BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>; Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; Laura Menninger <lmenninger@hmflaw.com>
Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Letter re Sealing of Renewed Bail Motion (to be Filed Under Seal)

Dear Judge Nathan –

Please see the attached letter to be filed under seal and submitted to the Court and all counsel pursuant to Section 2(B) of Your Honor’s Individual Practices in Criminal Cases.

Regards,

Christian R Everdell

# COHEN &amp; GRESSER LLP

800 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022

www.cohengresser.com | view bio
New York | Paris | Washington DC | London

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you.

PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: https://www.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy.

EFTA00019897</lmenninger@hmflaw.com></jpagliuca@hmflaw.com></bcsternheim@mac.com>