From: " " " " &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " " &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " " &gt;

Cc: " " " " &gt;, " (USANYS)" &gt;, "

Subject: GM discovery

Date: Tue, 27 Oct 2020 21:02:36 +0000

Attachments: 2019.07.31_Epstein_Discovery_Letter.docx

In our first discovery letter to Jeffrey Epstein (attached) we made several disclosures about certain witness statements – you might remember when we discussed this way back then. In an abundance of caution, we’d like to also provide Maxwell with one of these statements in particular (the third in the letter). The text is copied here:

- During the Palm Beach Department’s investigation of the defendant in 2005, a witness (“Witness-1”) disclosed to detectives that the defendant had paid Witness-1 to bring girls for sexualized massages, and that the defendant told her: “the younger the better.” Witness-1 described bringing multiple girls who were under the age of eighteen to the defendant’s residence in Florida. Witness-1 recalled bringing a girl who was over eighteen, and that the defendant told Witness-1 that this girl was too old. Witness-1 remarked of the defendant: “He likes the girls that are between the ages of 18 and 20.” Witness-1 is represented by Rita Glavin, Esq.

For context, this witness is , and she interacted with Epstein in the early 2000s. This statement occurred in a videotaped interview with Palm Beach PD. Is it okay with you if we provide this same disclosure in a letter to Maxwell (or a stand-alone letter, if you prefer)? Please let us know if you’d prefer that we take a different approach, and of course and and I are happy to discuss if a call is easier.

Thanks,

EFTA00018617