From: " " " " " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " " " " " (USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: " " " " " , "

Subject: RE: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.)

Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 02:56:40 +0000

Embedded: United_States_v._Jeffrey_Epstein,_19-CRIM-00490_(S.D.N.Y.).msg

Oh yes, I'm sorry -- attached.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 22:35

To:  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  。

Cc:  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  。

Subject: FW: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.)

Thanks,  $\square$ . When you have a moment, could you please forward me the letters Steptoe sent? (Sounds like they are the actual requests here.) Thanks!

From:  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  。

Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 8:45 PM

To: Miller, Michael &lt;

Cc:  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  &lt;;；  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  &gt;; Weingarten, Reid

&lt;; 'Martin G. Weinberg' <owlmgw@att.net>; Scavelli, Michael <mscavelli@steptoe.com>;

Meade, Jason <imeade@steptoe.com>; (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.)

Mike,

Consistent with the email sent by  $\square$  of our Civil Division on August 13, 2019, your August 20, 2019, requests for disclosure made pursuant to the Department of Justice's Touhy regulations will be handled by AUSA  $\square$  of our Civil Division, copied here. Please note that in light of the death of the defendant and in anticipation of the entry of the proposed order of nolle prosequi, no further productions will be made in the context of the criminal case of United States v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490.

Separately, we are not able to accept service of any materials on behalf of entities separate from this Office.

thank you,

From: Miller, Michael &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 11:42

To:  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  。

Cc:  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  &lt;;；  $\text{一} _ { \text{一} }$  &gt;; Weingarten, Reid

&lt; 'Martin G. Weinberg' <owlmgw@att.net>; Scavelli, Michael <mscavelli@steptoe.com>;

Meade, Jason <imeade@steptoe.com>

Subject: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-CRIM-00490 (S.D.N.Y.)

EFTA00019659</imeade@steptoe.com></mscavelli@steptoe.com></imeade@steptoe.com></owmgw@att.net></mscavelli@steptoe.com></owmgw@att.net>

Please find attached correspondence for your attention. We intend to serve these requests separately on the MCC and the FBI, but are providing you with copies of all three letters as a courtesy. If you are willing to accept service for all three, we will not otherwise serve them.

Mike

Michael C. Miller
Partner
+1 212 506 3955 direct | +1 917 349 9129 mobile | +1 212 506 3950 fax

Steptoe
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
1114 Avenue of the Americas | New York, NY 10036
www.steptoe.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message.

EFTA00019660