EFTA00019986

From: " _________________________________________________________________________"
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________, " _________________________________________________________________________

Subject: Re: Letter from Tartaglione counsel
Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 12:57:53 +0000

Thanks, [REDACTED], What day did the facilities manager talk to him / test run the shower?

Assistant U.S. Attorney
212-637-1023

On Aug 21, 2019, at 08:56, [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Hi [REDACTED],

Just a couple updates:

I caught one of the officers who normally does SHU rec. He confirmed that Tartaglione can go to the roof for recreation. SHU rec is normally from about 6:00/6:30 to 10:30/11:00. The officer said Tartaglione is usually sleeping, and once he eventually wakes up, he never asks them to go. The officer said when Tartaglione and Epstein were housed together, Epstein asked about rec. The officer told Epstein he would take him at 6:00 AM before his attorneys showed up. Tartaglione was in the cell during this conversation, and the officer told me made a comment like "I can take you up together" to both of them.

The Facilities Manager told me they talked to Tartaglione. He had no complaints about his cell. He only complained that water leaked in his cell when people "took long showers." Facilities ran the shower for awhile and didn't see the water leaking down to Tartaglione's cell, but if I give Tartaglione the benefit of the doubt, he may be correct that the water makes its way down there eventually after it's been running for a long, long time.

Evening watch SHU staff confirmed they gave Tartaglione the three newspapers that arrived in the mail yesterday morning.

I think that's it for now. Let me know if you need anything else.

Thanks!

Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center

[REDACTED]

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/20/2019 2:47 PM &gt;&gt;&gt; and ,

Bruce Barket just filed the attached letter on ECF. Are you available for another call this afternoon, please?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00019987