EFTA00018391

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE:

Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2019 20:49:32 +0000

Hey I’m sorry, I’m running behind this afternoon. I could do 5:30, but I think that’s after the hard stop for Sheb -- could we do tomorrow morning or early afternoon? I can do literally anytime between 10:30 and 1:00 if any of that works. Sorry for the moving target.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 16:37
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE:

I was going to volunteer my open-concept office, but everyone hates it so let’s do conference room on 1.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 4:22 PM
To: a ( ) &lt; &gt;; Swett, Sebastian ( ) &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt;
Subject: RE:

Yeah, I can come down at 5:00 – let me know whose office

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 16:17
To: Swett, Sebastian ( ) &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt;
Subject: RE:

You guys around at all to chat?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 1:28 PM
To: ( ) &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt;

Cc: 1

Subject: RE:

Hey, we are getting subpoena results from  for Epstein materials, but we don't consider them a subject or target in connection with their work with him, and so far they've been very responsive. When is a good time for you guys to chat today? We're pretty over-scheduled these days but could potentially do this afternoon.

From:  &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, July 24, 2019 09:25

To:  &lt;

Cc:  &lt;

Subject:

Hi guys,

We hear you may be talking to  about its relationship with Epstein. We've got an investigation into the  that overlaps with the Epstein stuff. Is there time today when we can chat?

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York

1 St. Andrew's Plaza, New York, NY 10007

EFTA00018392