From: "Martin G. Weinberg"
To: "_________________________," "Miller, Michael" <voucher #="" $="$" (i.e.="" (i.e.="" -="" 02116="" 02119="" 0219,="" 10,="" 1000="" 10,="" 19="" 19:54:44="" 2019="" 2019,="" 23="" 23,="" 2019.="" 2019,="" 9="" 9th="" <table="" [mailto:]="" [martin="" [miller,="" [mcc="" [spstein's="" ]="" ]"="" ]"mct="" ]"weingarten,reid"="" ]"winegarte,="" ]"winegarte.="" ]"winegarte.="" ]"winegarte.]="" ]" Zet="" ]"="" ]"="" ]"="" ]"winegarte.]="" ]"="" ]"winegarte.]="" ]"="" ]"winegarte.]="" ]"="" ]"winegarte.]="" ]"="" ]"wine.="" a="" about="" address,="" address:="" and="" any="" anyone="" are="" as="" ask="" ask.="" at="" author="" author.="" b.="" b.1="" b.2="" b.3="" b.4="" b.5="" b.6="" b.7="" b.8="" b.9="" b.9th="" b.9th.="" by="" call="" call.="" can="" case="" center="" center.="" certain="" ch.="" ch.1="" ch.2="" ch.2019="" ch.2019.="" ch.2019.="" ch.2019.="" ch.2019.="" ch.2019.="" ch.2019.="" ch.2019. <table="" [mattin="" [mattin.="" [voucher="" a="" a.="" add="" add.="" address,="" and="" any="" apply="" apply.="" apply.10,="" are="" as="" ask="" ask.2="" at="" author.="" b.2019="" b.2019,="" b.2019.="" b.2019.="" b.2019.="" b.2019.10="" b.2019.1000="" b.2019.1000.="" b.2019.1000.1="" b.2019.1000.1000.1000.1000.1000.1000.1000.1000.1000.1000.

I just wanted to let you know that I don't expect we'll have any further updates today, and so wanted to send you a brief note to let you know that since we hadn't otherwise been in touch since earlier this afternoon. I imagine we will continue to be in contact in the coming days; meanwhile, I appreciate you being in touch today, and I hope the investigations of these events will be thorough and swift.

respectfully,

From:
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 14:14
To: Miller, Michael &lt;;&gt;; &gt;; Martin G. Weinberg &lt;;&gt;; &gt;; Weingarten, Reid &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt;
Subject: RE: US v Epstein

Following up on the below, wanted to make sure the attached letter from the Warden immediately got to Mike as well (in addition to Marty and Reid having been copied and emailed). As the letter indicates, there are now investigations ongoing, including as initiated by the Attorney General himself. Separately, we have not received additional information on topics such as the apparent cause of death, the status of observation of Mr. Epstein at the time, etc., but we will continue to be in touch immediately if that changes.

thank you,

From:
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 11:57
To: Miller, Michael &lt;;&gt;; &gt;; Martin G. Weinberg &lt;;&gt;; &gt;; Weingarten, Reid &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt; &lt;;&gt; &gt;
Subject: Re: US v Epstein

Mike, Marty, Reid,

Following up on my conversations with Mike and Marty this morning, and my discussion with Mike moments ago, attached is a press release just sent to us (and I believe also issued publicly) some minutes ago. It represents all the information we have from BOP so far, but of course if we are successful in our continuing efforts to get additional information we will pass it along immediately.

Separately, we can tell you that the reports that an FBI investigation into the death has been initiated are accurate, and I fully expect that investigation to be extremely rigorous.

As always please don't hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful.

thank you,

EFTA00019068