EFTA00018957

From: " (USANYE)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 20:17:07 +0000

You're all set! Good luck. And please just keep me posted, since I'm going to be stuck writing his Capital Case memo this fall!

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:59 PM

To: (USANYE) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Thanks! If you're good with it, we'll reach out, copying you, to set up a proffer within the next week or so. Copying who's also working on this.

From: (USANYE) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:46 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

The attorney proffer from Andy Patel was today (08/20) at approx. 3:30 pm, just FYI.

From: (USANYE)

Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:34 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

From: Andrew Patel &lt;

Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 3:15 PM

To: (USANYE) &lt;;&lt; (USANYE) &lt;;&lt;

(USANYE) &lt;

Cc: Donald Yannella ( ) &lt;;&lt; 'Jill Shellow' &lt;;&lt;

Andrew Patel &lt;

Subject: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Dear

This email concerns the investigation into the death of Jeffrey Epstein in the MCC. We realize that it is unlikely your office is involved, but we

thought that we should inform the government of the following so you can take whatever action you believe is appropriate.

Jhonny Contreras was recently returned to the SHU in the MCC. At the time of Mr. Epstein’s death, it is my understanding that Mr. Contreras was housed in a cell on the same tier and across the hall from Mr. Epstein’s cell. Mr. Contreras did not see Mr. Epstein hang himself, but he would be willing to speak to investigators, in the presence of counsel, about his observations.

Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up.

Andy

Andrew G. Patel
Attorney at Law
80 Broad Street, Suite 1900
New York, NY 10004
Tel: [redacted]

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of the communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at [redacted] and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the message from your computer. Thank you.

EFTA00018958