Citibank N.A.
Legal Services Intake Unit
701 East 60th Street North
Sioux Falls, SD 57117
Fax: 347-809-6937

Attention: Legal Intake Unit

Delivered via: FedEx

**Rider**

**ALL OPEN AND CLOSED ACCOUNTS**

Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs.

Please provide from account inception to present any and records pertaining to the following accounts(s)/organization(s)/individuals(s) whether held jointly or severally or as trustee or fiduciary as well as custodian, executor or guardian:

A. Please use the following identifiers:

|  NAMES/ENTITIES  |
| --- |
|  DOB  |
|  SSN  |
|  ADDRESS  |
|  PHONE  |
|  EMAIL  |
|  ACCOUNT NUMBERS:  |

EFTA00020167

B. Records to be produced should include but are not limited to the items listed below:

1. DATA TRANSACTION FILES
2. Documents (checks, debit memos, cash in tickets, wires in, wires out, etc.) reflecting additions and/or subtractions to the account and how the account balances are being satisfied on a monthly basis;
3. Signature cards;
4. Proof of identification (including but not limited to copies of identification used to open the account);
5. Opening account(s) documents with attachments, including any and all applications, internal documents generated to open account(s), and identification information or other documentation provided by Customer; and Customer's email address
6. "Know your customer" documentation;
7. Wire transfer records (incoming and outgoing, and any and all applications and instructions);
8. Safe deposit records, including applications, signature cards, and sign-in records;
9. Trust accounts;
10. Monthly statements;
11. Credit card statements;
12. Bank, travelers, or cashier checks drawn on account or purchased with an account check;
13. Prepaid debit cards, certified checks, cashiers' checks, money orders, and traveler's checks;
14. Loan, lease, and/or mortgage application files (whether granted or denied) including credit reports, applications, and payments made on loans;
15. Online banking information- All information regarding the electronic use of banking systems to include the following: username, registration IP address, online account creation date, online account status and IP logs/history, MAC addresses and online session times and duration;
16. Any and all corporate resolutions, certifications of incorporation, business certificates and/or partnership agreements; and
17. Any and all correspondence, electronic or otherwise, including memoranda, emails and text messages, that reference or concern items (1) through (16), above, and/or any financial interests involving the individuals and/or entities identified in Section A.

If you have any questions or comments, please contact [redacted]. Forensic Accountant, a [redacted]

EFTA00020168