EFTA00019953

From: "Miller, Michael" &lt;&gt;
To: " &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;
Cc: "Martin G. Weinberg" &lt;&gt;, "Weingarten, Reid" &lt;&gt;, " &gt;&gt;, " &gt;&gt;, " &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;
Subject: Re: US v Epstein
Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2019 03:15:25 +0000

The pathologist we have lined up for tomorrow is Michael Baden. We are confirmed for 9 am unless traffic delays his arrival. Many thanks for reconfirming the start time. Mike

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 11:04 PM, &lt;&gt; wrote:

Mike,

I just tried calling, but I realize it's very late — moments ago I spoke with an individual at the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner, Dr. Jason Graham. He said his office was in touch with the family today — I believe Mark — and he had the understanding a pathologist was lined up for tomorrow, but based in the newer understanding that you conveyed, that more time is needed, they are prepared to delay tomorrow the autopsy (which was otherwise planned for tomorrow morning). Hey conveyed that permitting a pathologist is a courtesy they extend in this type of situation, and that an additional day or two will not have an effect in their ability to evaluate the cause and manner of death.

Accordingly, he asked that you please contact him tonight or tomorrow morning to arrange logistics of the pathologist who ultimately will join; Dr. Graham's e-mail is:

As of tonight, my understanding is that he has instructed his staff not to proceed tomorrow morning, pending being in touch with you for further coordination.

Please let me know if there are any issues being in contact with him, and also feel free to contact me generally if that would be helpful.

thank you,

On Aug 10, 2019, at 19:35, Miller, Michael &lt;&gt; wrote:

Thanks for being available today and for getting the wheels turning for an investigation into how he died.

On a related note, we are hearing that Jeffrey's autopsy may occur tomorrow morning. We would like to have a pathologist present for his autopsy and cannot line up someone on such short notice. Is there any way to push the autopsy off until Tuesday to give us time to do that?

Mike

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:31 PM
To: Miller, Michael [Redacted]; Martin G. Weinberg [Redacted]; Weingarten, Reid [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted] [Scratched out]; [Scratched out] [Scratched out]
Subject: RE: US v Epstein

Mike, Marty, Reid,

I just wanted to let you know that I don’t expect we’ll have any further updates today, and so wanted to send you a brief note to let you know that since we hadn’t otherwise been in touch since earlier this afternoon. I imagine we will continue to be in contact in the coming days; meanwhile, I appreciate you being in touch today, and I hope the investigations of these events will be thorough and swift.

respectfully,

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 14:14
To: Miller, Michael [Redacted]; Martin G. Weinberg [Redacted]; Weingarten, Reid [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] [Scratched out]; [Scratched out] [Scratched out]; [Scratched out] [Scratched out]
Subject: RE: US v Epstein

Following up on the below, wanted to make sure the attached letter from the Warden immediately got to Mike as well (in addition to Marty and Reid having been copied and emailed). As the letter indicates, there are now investigations ongoing, including as initiated by the Attorney General himself. Separately, we have not received additional information on topics such as the apparent cause of death, the status of observation of Mr. Epstein at the time, etc., but we will continue to be in touch immediately if that changes.

thank you,

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 11:57
To: Miller, Michael [Redacted]; Martin G. Weinberg [Redacted]; Weingarten, Reid [Scratched out]
Cc: [Redacted] [Scratched out]; [Scratched out] [Scratched out]; [Scratched out] [Scratched out]
Subject: Re: US v Epstein

Mike, Marty, Reid,

Following up on my conversations with Mike and Marty this morning, and my discussion with Mike moments ago, attached is a press release just sent to us (and I believe also issued publicly) some minutes ago. It represents all the information we have from BOP so far, but of course if we are successful in our continuing efforts to get additional information we will pass it along immediately.

Separately, we can tell you that the reports that an FBI investigation into the death has been initiated are accurate, and I fully expect that investigation to be extremely rigorous.

As always please don’t hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful.

EFTA00019954

thank you,

EFTA00019955