From: " _______________________________________________________________"
To: " _____________________________________________________________"
Cc: " _____________________________________________________________"

Subject: RE: Epstein update
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 20:21:55 +0000

Yeah. I'll get on top of that shortly.

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 4:21 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: Epstein update

Sorry but just related on the FBI and DOJ-OIG investigation, can we get a contact at each of those?? I know there's apparently no AUSA assigned yet to the FBI side, but for example I would want to let FBI and OIG know that someone is claiming to be at MCC and calling Epstein's associates to have them pick up the body – they'll be more likely to have traction with BOP than we will.

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 16:20
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: Epstein update

Yeah of course. In some ways I actually hope this is a hoax because if not, it's completely insane. And I just called [redacted] but he didn't pick up.

Separately, and speaking of the FBI investigation, defense counsel also says that they're starting to get people calling them who claim to have information relevant to Epstein's death, and are wondering if there is an investigative point person to whom they can direct any such people?

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 16:17
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: Epstein update

Removing BOP. They should NOT be releasing the body without confirming with FBI and DOJ-IG. Please discuss that with them.

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 4:14 PM
To: [redacted]

EFTA00018970

Cc:
Subject: RE: Epstein update

I'll call you separately in a moment, but just in case email is faster, I just received a phone call from defense counsel that a person close to Mr. Epstein received a phone call from an individual named [redacted] (phonetic) who claimed to be an investigator with the MCC and told the individual that Mr. Epstein's body was ready to be picked up at the hospital and that the individual could make arrangements for retrieval of the body. [redacted] left his phone number as [redacted].

Can you please confirm whether that individual is in fact with BOP and/or MCC? Defense counsel is understandably concerned that they (and others with connections with Mr. Epstein) are starting to get hoax or otherwise inaccurate information through phone calls and emails. And we would again respectfully but urgently request that if there is information like this that needs to go to representatives for Mr. Epstein, that it come to us so we can pass it along to his counsel with confidence that it is true and accurate.

(Separately, if it is accurate that BOP / MCC is prepared to release Mr. Epstein's body, his defense counsel is extremely concerned about whether that has been enough time for a full autopsy and any other investigative steps, and we would want to confirm that the FBI team addressing this matter has also been informed—but that's only if this is not a hoax, obviously.)

Please advise as soon as possible, as the individual is waiting to know whether they should take steps to retrieve the body.

thank you,

From:
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 15:56
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Epstein update

Hi

I'm checking in to see if you're able to provide us with additional information. I'm [redacted] when you have a moment.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 11:42 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Epstein update

Hi

MCC Administrators have been in touch with [redacted] at the USMS since early this morning. I too have been in touch with [redacted] since a little after 9 am, at which time I shared the limited information I had. The press release is the sum total of the information we have at this time pending the investigation. I am going into the secure perimeter to see if there is

EFTA00018971

more information to share, but please be advised that some of what I get may be shared with your office but not further since it is an open investigation.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; " " " " " &lt; 8/10/2019 11:30 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

It is frankly unbelievable to me that BOP is issuing public press releases on this before telling us basic information so that we can relay it to his attorneys who can relay it to his family. When can we expect to get either some sort of statement we can pass along to counsel as accurate and reliable or have a call with someone?

I understand from the Marshals that they have been unsuccessful in reaching anyone with authority at BOP, and given the BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise.

Thank you.

On Aug 10, 2019, at 10:43, &gt; wrote:

As you might imagine, we are getting increasingly frantic calls from defense counsel who continue to be seeing information in the press that we—the U.S. Attorney's Office—haven't yet received. We need to know as soon as possible the very basic facts, such as time and cause of death at the absolute minimum. It has now been hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can have a call to get that information to relay to his counsel. It is extraordinarily frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise.

Thank you,

On Aug 10, 2019, at 08:46, &gt; wrote:

Passed away. We are completing a significant incident report for HQ for Death of a Federal Inmatehowever, I do not have any specifics from the BOP yet.

From:
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 8:44 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update

Thank you for telling us. What do you mean by "passed"?

Thanks,

EFTA00018972

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 8:18 AM, _______________ &gt; wrote:

BOP just provided another update- Epstein has passed. I have no additional info. I will push out updates as we receive.

From: _______________

Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:52 AM

To: _______________

Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update

FYI:

The BOP just informed us that Epstein is being taken by ambulance to the hospital from another apparent suicide attempt- no other information was provided.

They will update us as more info becomes available.

On Aug 10, 2019, at 7:26 AM, _______________ &gt; wrote:

I will be out of the office on vacation until Monday, August 12th. Although I will have access to email during my absence, my responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA _______________ at _______________ or _______________

EFTA00018973