EFTA00018625

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC
Date: Wed, 28 Oct 2020 18:58:25 +0000

Thanks a bunch. Happy to join the call if that's useful. Sounds like we'll need an okay from MDC before [REDACTED] will put this in motion.

From: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:53 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: laptop for MDC

[REDACTED] is no longer at MDC, so [REDACTED] is our only liaison right now. I'll reach out to her.

On Oct 28, 2020, at 2:49 PM, [REDACTED] &lt; &gt; wrote:

Or [REDACTED], not sure who you think is a better.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:49 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: FW: laptop for MDC

[REDACTED], are you able to discuss this with [REDACTED], or would you like me to reach out to her? Thanks.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:44 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: laptop for MDC

It sure we will research one tonight and place the order tomorrow. It depends on availability and delivery. Do we have a copy of the data that goes with the drive?

Also with the ever changing policies in BOP, can you confirm that they will allow her to have a laptop. Not sure the rules at MDC.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 2:22 PM, [REDACTED] &lt; &gt; wrote:

Perfect, thanks so much. How long would you estimate that will take?

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:20 PM

To:  |  Cc: | (USANYS)  |
| --- | --- |

Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

We will spec out a laptop to purchase for this case.

From:  |  Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:09 PM  |
| --- |

To:  |  Cc: | (USANYS)  |
| --- | --- |

Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

Thanks so much.

From:  |  Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:06 PM  |
| --- |

To:  |  Cc: | (USANYS)  |
| --- | --- |

Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

Let me discuss with the best options. get back to you shortly.

From:  |  Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:58 PM  |
| --- |

To:  |  Cc: | (USANYS)  |
| --- | --- |

Subject: laptop for MDC

Hi

I hope you're doing well. Because of some discovery accessibility issues we're having in the Ghislaine Maxwell case, we would like to provide a clean laptop to Maxwell in MDC for discovery review purposes. The laptop need only permit review of standard files – word, pdf, .tif, .xls, etc. All other capabilities and programs can be disabled. I understand we did something similar in the Avenatti case, and we'd like to do the same here. Would that be possible? It would be a huge help to us if you could possibly prep and provide us with a laptop for this purpose.

Thanks so much—

EFTA00018626