From: Jill Shellow
To: " (USANYS)"
Cc: Andrew Patel &lt;, " (USANYS)"
Subject: Re: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death
Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 21:16:41 +0000

I am traveling today. Andy and I will get back to you by phone tomorrow sometime in the afternoon. Thanks,
j-

Jill R. Shellow, Esq.
Law Offices of Jill Shellow
80 Broad Street, Suite 1900
New York, NY 10004

Please excuse all typos and auto correct

On Aug 21, 2019, at 3:35 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Hi Andy/Jill,

We understand that Mr. Contreras is willing to meet with us in a proffer session, and that the proffer would be limited only to the information he has regarding Mr. Epstein's death. If so, when would be convenient to meet? Let us know if you'd like to discuss anything by phone. Thanks.

From: Andrew Patel
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 4:20 PM
To: (USANYE) &lt;; (USANYE) &lt;; (USANYE) &lt;; (USANYE) &lt;
Cc: 'Donald Yannella ( )' &lt; ; 'Jill Shellow' &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt;; (USANYS) &lt;
Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Many thanks. Talk to you soon.

Andy

Andrew G. Patel
Attorney at Law
80 Broad Street, Suite 1900
New York, NY 10004
Tel: [REDACTED]
Fax: [REDACTED]

EFTA00018959

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of the communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (212) 349-0230 and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the message from your computer. Thank you.

From: [redacted] (USANYE) [mailto: [redacted]]
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 4:16 PM
To: Andrew Patel; [redacted] (USANYE); [redacted] (USANYE)
Cc: Donald Yannella; 'Jill Shellow'; [redacted] (USANYS); [redacted] (USANYS)
Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Hi Andy:

I’ve spoken with my wonderful former colleagues in SDNY who are handling the investigation, and who are cc’d here. I passed along the information you and Jill provided to us yesterday, and they will reach out to you directly to set up a proffer on this topic.

Thanks, and best,

From: Andrew Patel [redacted]
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 3:15 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYE) [redacted] (USANYE) [redacted] (USANYE)
Cc: Donald Yannella; 'Jill Shellow'; [redacted] (USANYE); Andrew Patel [redacted]
Subject: Johnny Contreras – Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

Dear [redacted] and [redacted]:

This email concerns the investigation into the death of Jeffrey Epstein in the MCC. We realize that it is unlikely your office is involved, but we thought that we should inform the government of the following so you can take whatever action you believe is appropriate.

Johnny Contreras was recently returned to the SHU in the MCC. At the time of Mr. Epstein’s death, it is my understanding that Mr. Contreras was housed in a cell on the same tier and across the hall from Mr. Epstein’s cell. Mr. Contreras did not see Mr. Epstein hang himself, but he would be

EFTA00018960

willing to speak to investigators, in the presence of counsel, about his observations.

Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up.

Andy

Andrew G. Patel
Attorney at Law
80 Broad Street, Suite 1900
New York, NY 10004
Tel: [redacted]
Fax: [redacted]

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of the communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (212) 349-0230 and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the message from your computer. Thank you.

EFTA00018961