From:
[REDACTED]

To: [REDACTED]
(USAFLS)

Subject: Re: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL

Date: Fri, 18 Jun 2010 00:04:54 +0000

Importance: Normal

Hey
I confirmed with that . Orlando until Monday.
I'm just emailed me. She's been on sick leave for the past couple of days. She's feeling better and is scheduled to be on
annual leave until Tues for Father's Day plans. She said she could make it to the sentencing if you need her there.
I told her I'd relay this to you.
Thanks.

From: [REDACTED]
(C, USAFLS)

To: [REDACTED]

Sent: Thu Jun 17 16:04:59 2010

Subject: FW: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL

Assistant U.S. Attorney
500 S. Australian Ave, Suite 400
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

From: [REDACTED]
(USAFLS)

Sent: Thursday, June 17, 2010 3:52 PM

To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]

Subject: FW: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL

Hopefully you had a good trip. I assume we cannot answer any of these questions, but please let us know. Thanks.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Thursday, June 17, 2010 3:49 PM

Subject: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL

Thank you for calling me today. I am confused about certain legal issues. When I asked [REDACTED] this morning why Jeffrey Epstein was not charged with child sex trafficking given the 2000 TVPA federal laws, she

EFTA00019173

did not want to respond. It's an important question that merits a substantial answer.

In light of the arguments surrounding the case I would like to know:

1. Why was Jeffrey Epstein allowed to plead guilty to a single count of solicitation of minors to engage in prostitution?
2. In light of the 5 trafficking offenses outlined on pages 1 &amp; 2 of the NPA signed 10/29/07, why was Epstein given a twelve (12) months and six (6) months in a county jail (he served only 13 months), for all charges without adjudication or sentencing, and without probation or community control?
3. Unlike any other registered sex offender in the U.S. prison system today why didn't he serve time in a State penitentiary? Why was Epstein placed in a solitary cell at the West Palm Beach Stockade and only part time? Why was he allowed to go to "work" outside of prison for 13 months during the entire day?
4. Why didn't Epstein like all other registered sex offenders in the U.S. have an attached electronic monitor during his house confinement?
5. Why was prosecution for the offenses deferred in favor of prosecution by the State of Florida?
6. In the ADDENDUM to the NPA (7A-C), Epstein is given the right to select and approve independent third party counselors for the victims. Why?
7. According to the NPA signed by MV there are 5 federal trafficking offenses. Why were they dismissed or deferred?
8. Why is Epstein given the right to contest damages up to an amount agreed to between the victims and Epstein?
9. Epstein's signature on NPA "is not to be construed as an admission of civil or criminal liability or a waiver of..." Please explain. Why?
10. What was the "gain time" Epstein earned during his period of incarceration?
11. Why would the NPA not be part of a public record? And why would the US have to provide notice to Epstein before making disclosure under a FOIA request?
12. Why was the Federal Grand Jury investigation suspended?
13. Why the US agree not to institute any criminal charges against his co conspirators Ghislaine Maxwell, in light of the evidence?
14. Why are the grand jury subpoenas going to be withdrawn at the completion of the terms of the NPA? given that he is a registered sex offender and that most probably he will commit the crimes shortly after his release next month (this assumption based on empirical and medical data obtained from registered sex offenders), there seems to be no protection mechanism for the victims in place?
15. Why was JE allowed to choose the attorney's for the victims and put a cap on their restitution?
16. Why was the Federal investigation stopped by the USAG?
17. Why hasn't Epstein been rearrested given the 11+ parole violations reported to the parole board since his home confinement including weekly trips to NY and helicopter ride to travel only 9 miles?

Sincerely,

EFTA00019174

The message and any attachment may be confidential or privileged and is intended only for the individual or entity identified above as the addressee. If you are not the addressee, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, you are not authorized to read, copy or distribute this message or any attachments and we ask that you please delete this message and any attachments and notify the sender by return email.

Delivery of this message and any attachments to any person(s) is not intended in any way to waive confidentiality or a privilege.

EFTA00019175