From:
To:

Subject: RE: The OPR investigation - 8 years too late
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2019 16:23:59 +0000
Attachments: Letter_to_OPR_Feb_2019_PDF.pdf

Hey ☐ and ☐

Here is correspondence (with attachments) about the OPR investigating. On December 10, 2010, I asked U.S. Attorney Ferrer (S.D. Fla.) to investigate the “most suspicious criminal case I have ever encountered.” That letter was forwarded to OPR and, on May 6, 2011, OPR declined to investigate on grounds of ongoing litigation.

Note: We have seen a privilege log from S.D. Fla. that makes it appear that there was some correspondence between OPR at Main Justice and S.D. Florida in connection with my letter. That correspondence was deemed “privileged” in some way, so we’ve never seen it. But you should be able to get it.

Of course, as you know, in about January 2019, OPR did open an investigation into the case ... prompting my February 7, 2019 letter (attached) requesting that the victims be kept informed. I’ve received a response and we’re going to set up a conference call soon.

for Jane Doe 1 and Jane Doe 2

CONFIDENTIAL: This electronic message - along with any/all attachments - is confidential. This message is intended only for the use of the addressee. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not use, disseminate, distribute or copy this communication. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. Professor Cassell is admitted to the Utah State Bar, but not the bars of other states. Any views he expresses in this email are his own.

EFTA00019480