From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " )" &lt;

Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal

Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:49:45 +0000

Attachments: Maxwell_Cover_Letter_3-16-21.pdf

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>

Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:34 PM

To: Nathan NYSD Chambers &lt;

Cc: ) &lt;;&gt;;&lt;;&gt;; &lt;;&gt;;&lt;;&gt;;

(USANYS) &lt;;&gt;;&lt;;&gt;; Christian Everdell <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; Laura Menninger

<lmenninger@hmflaw.com>; Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>

Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal

Good evening-

As set forth in the attached cover letter (to be filed via ECF)

and pursuant to Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual rules,

attached for the Court and government is an unredacted version

of the Reply Memorandum In Support of Ms. Maxwell's pending bail application.

Thank you.

Best-

Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.

Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor

New York, NY 10011

Main: 212-243-1100

Cell: 917-912-9698

Fax: 888-587-4737

bcsternheim@mac.com

**Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.**

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00018382</jpagliuca@hmflaw.com></ceverdell@cohengresser.com></lmenninger@hmflaw.com></ceverdell@cohengresser.com>