U.S. Department of Justice

United States Attorney Southern District of New York

The Silvio J. Mollo Building
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007

August 28, 2019

Florence Hutner, Esq.
General Counsel
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner
421 East 26th Street
New York, New York

Re: Autopsy Report and File for Jeffrey Epstein

Dear Ms. Hutner:

As you are aware, the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York (“USAO”) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”) are conducting an ongoing criminal investigation into the events related to Mr. Epstein’s August 10, 2019 suicide at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (“MCC”) (the “Criminal Investigation”). As you are also aware, between August 10, 2019, and August 16, 2019, at OCME’s request and in order to assist OCME in determining the cause and manner of Mr. Epstein’s death, the USAO and FBI gave OCME access to certain materials and information gathering during the Criminal Investigation.

As discussed by phone, while the OCME autopsy is now complete, the Criminal Investigation remains ongoing. As such, and in order to avoid compromising the Criminal Investigation, we request that OCME withhold from disclosure to any third party any documents, evidence or information made available to OCME by the USAO or FBI—including documents, records, or materials from the MCC—or created by OCME or within the OCME case file that include, reflect, or contain information made available to OCME by the USAO or FBI. We also request that you withhold from any disclosure the names and identifying information of any federal law enforcement agents or employees who were interviewed by the OCME, along with the substance of any statements or interviews made by those agents or employees.

EFTA00018944

We appreciate your willingness to comply with this request. Should you decide at any future point, notwithstanding this request, to produce any of the above-referenced material to any third party, we request that you notify us before you do so, so that we may seek additional process. Please contact us with any further questions.

Very truly yours,

GEOFFREY S. BERMAN
United States Attorney

by: /s/
Assistant United States Attorneys

EFTA00018945