From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " )" &lt;

Cc: "" &gt;", "

Subject: RE: Diary, boots, photos

Date: Mon, 03 May 2021 00:59:01 +0000

Attachments: 2021.05.XX_Letter_to_AJN_re_Requests_9-11_v2_(MC)_(LP).docx

Thank you so much. Here are some suggestions on top of comments. Hope you all had a nice weekend!

From:

Sent: Sunday, May 2, 2021 8:53 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: ) &lt;

Subject: Re: Diary, boots, photos

I've read through and looks great— will do another pass first thing and add any stuff on top of

On May 2, 2021, at 7:48 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

I will circulate some additional suggestions in a bit. Thank you both!

From:

Sent: Sunday, May 2, 2021 6:11 PM

To: ) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Diary, boots, photos

Forgot to attach. Here you go.

From:

Sent: Sunday, May 2, 2021 6:11 PM

To: ) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Diary, boots, photos

Thanks so much, My proposed edits and responses to your questions in track. / , do you want to review before this goes to the chiefs?

From:

Sent: Friday, April 30, 2021 1:26 PM

To: ) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;

Subject: Diary, boots, photos

Hi all,

EFTA00020246

Attached is a draft response to Judge Nathan’s order on Rule 17 subpoenas. I’ve also attached her order and the three briefs by BSF/GM, in case they are helpful.

This is due Tuesday, but I’m trying to get this to the chiefs early in case they have strong (and different) views about this.

Happy to discuss, too!

Thanks.

EFTA00020247