From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: US v Epstein
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 19:00:59 +0000

We are in receipt of the below email and your email of yesterday afternoon at approximately 3:55 p.m. Without conceding any obligations in connection of any of your requests, I expect that we will be in touch regarding your requests and inquiries when we are able to fully respond, in the coming days. In terms of immediate steps, we do not expect that a nolle will be submitted today.

thank you,

From:
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 08:55
To:
Cc:
Subject: US v Epstein

first if the emails regarding Mr. Epstein's death and our preservation/production requests on behalf of his family should be sent to another prosecutor had the name of but not the full name) please advise. We would ask you to confirm the request sent to you yesterday has been forwarded. We also request that DNA be lifted from the ligatures and/or bed stripping found in Mr Epstein's MCC cell on August 10, 2019.

Separately, since the attorney client privilege survives death, we are still requesting a taint review in the event any review at all of his emails from the seizures at Teterboro on Aug 6 or from his NYC residence are to be undertaken. If you provide me with the name of the taint attorney when selected, I will provide a list of attorneys.

Lastly, is it the Government's intention to move to dismiss the Indictment against Mr. Epstein and if so will that occur today?

Thanks, Marty

Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.
Boston, MA 02116
Office
Cell

This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.

EFTA00019860