From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Toyota Probed Possible Bribes To Top Thai Judges
Date: Tue, 30 Mar 2021 07:44:32 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR
Tuesday, March 30, 2021
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Exclusive

#### Toyota Probed Possible Bribes To Top Thai Judges

More than six months before Toyota disclosed concerns to U.S. authorities about possible foreign bribery in Thailand, the automaker launched its own investigation into whether its consultants paid off Thai judges and government officials in an effort to overturn a $350 million import tax judgment related to its Prius cars, according to company documents and sources familiar with the matter.

Read full article »

#### 2nd Circ. Won't Lift Donziger's House Arrest Before Trial

The Second Circuit refused Friday to overturn rulings keeping Chevron foe Steven Donziger in home confinement while he awaits a May trial, rejecting his arguments that he's not a flight risk since he's been home for over a year over a contempt charge that has a maximum six-month sentence.

Order attached | Read full article »

#### EDNY To Increase Resources Amid Asian Hate Crime Spike

The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York said Monday that it's doubling the size of the civil rights section in its criminal division, as law enforcement grapples with the pronounced spike in anti-Asian hate crimes amid the COVID-19 pandemic.

Read full article »

#### Justices Won't Hear Request To Make Clinton Be Deposed

The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday rejected a conservative group's petition for the justices to revive its demand that Hillary Clinton face deposition over her use of a private email server as secretary of state.

Read full article »

#### Feds Seize Websites Posing As COVID-19 Vaccine Makers

U.S. authorities have seized seven websites that masqueraded as places where people could learn information about COVID-19 vaccines, warning that fraudsters are exploiting interest in the injections to lure victims into divulging personal data.

Read full article »

#### Ghislaine Maxwell Hit With New Child Sex Trafficking Charges

Ghislaine Maxwell, accused of grooming underage girls for sex with the late financier Jeffrey Epstein, was hit with child sex trafficking charges for the first

## Law360

## Law360 Rising Stars

## LAW FIRMS

Aidala Bertuna
Caldwell Cassady
Cohen &amp; Gresser
Cole Schotz
Cravath Swaine
Crowell &amp; Moring
DLA Piper
Davis Polk
Fick &amp; Marx
Gordon &amp; Rees
Haddon Morgan
Kaufman Dolowich
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Latham &amp; Watkins
Law Offices of Joseph A. Bondy
Linklaters
McGuireWoods
McKool Smith
Merson Law PLLC
Morgan Lewis

EFTA00019088</fcel></news@law360.com>

time on Monday in a new indictment alleging that she recruited and paid a 14-year-old victim.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

# Parnas Bail Relaxed As Court Eyes Selective Prosecution Row

A Manhattan federal judge on Friday loosened bail conditions for Lev Parnas, the Florida associate of former President Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani, amid filings by Parnas' defense team claiming charges against him stem from a politically motivated selective prosecution.

Order attached | Read full article »

# Man Accused Of Threatening Flynn Judge Reaches Plea Deal

A New York man will plead guilty to charges that he threatened to assault and murder a D.C. federal judge who oversaw the criminal case of President Donald Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn, a federal prosecutor revealed on Monday.

Read full article »

# Weinstein Accusers Get Case Paused To Attempt Mediation

A New York federal judge on Monday stayed a sexual assault case against convicted rapist Harvey Weinstein, after the four women filing suit told the judge they were taking their claims against the disgraced movie mogul to mediation.

Proposed Rule attached | Read full article »

# SECURITIES

# Ex-Engine Maker Execs Can't Ditch SEC's Fraud Suit

An Illinois federal judge on Monday refused to toss a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuit accusing an alternative-energy engine maker's former executives of engaging in an accounting fraud scheme that inflated company revenues by $25 million.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

# BANK FRAUD

# Ex-Madoff Funds Can't Ditch Deutsche Bank's Contract Fight

A New York federal judge on Friday denied a bid by former Bernie Madoff feeder funds to end Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.'s lawsuit accusing them of breaching a 2011 agreement to sell the bank's bankruptcy claims that were once worth $1.6 billion, finding that the bank's allegations are sufficient to proceed.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

# TRIALS

# Architect In Tribal Bribery Suit Has Designs On Quick Trial

An architecture firm owner accused of bribing the former chairman of a Massachusetts tribe said Friday that new tax charges filed against his co-defendant shouldn't delay a jury trial, telling a federal judge that bad publicity from the case is killing his business.

Motion attached | Read full article »

# Deal Eyed In Fight Over Virtual Pittsburgh Court Access

A civil rights watchdog said Monday it was giving a Pennsylvania state judge three weeks to show he was complying with a new order mandating virtual access to criminal proceedings in Pittsburgh before potentially dropping a lawsuit accusing him of unconstitutionally shutting the public out of hearings.

Read full article »

Morris Nichols
Potter Anderson
Potter Handy
Price Benowitz
Ropes &amp; Gray
Schulte Roth
Selendy &amp; Gay
Seward &amp; Kissel
Seyfarth Shaw
Spence &amp; Becker
Susanin Widman
Weil Gotshal
White &amp; Case
Wilkinson Stekloff
Williams &amp; Connolly
Wilmer Hale

# COMPANIES

Amazon.com Inc.
American Arbitration Association
American Bar Association
American Civil Liberties Union
Apple Inc.
Bank of America Corp.
Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica Inc.
Boston Scientific Corp.
C.R. Bard Inc.
Chevron Corp.
Deutsche Bank AG
Dick's Sporting Goods Inc.
Facebook Inc.
Georgetown University
International Business Machines Corp.
Johnson &amp; Johnson
Judicial Watch Inc.
Kinney Recruiting LLC
LexisNexis Group
Madison Square Garden
Entertainment Group LLC
Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp.
Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
Match Group Inc.
McDonald's Corp.
Microsoft Corp.
Miramax Film Corp.
Pfizer Inc.
Power Solutions International Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
State Bar of California
Steelcase Inc.

EFTA00019089

EFTA00019090

# HEALTH

## Insys Brass Knew Opioid Scripts Were Bogus, 1st Circ. Told

A group of convicted Insys Therapeutics Inc. executives knew when they bribed doctors to prescribe opioids that some of the powerful drugs would go to people who didn't need them, federal prosecutors told the First Circuit in a bid to reinstate part of a landmark guilty verdict.

*Brief attached | Read full article »*

## NJ Judge Won't Toss Health Plan Enrollment Fraud Claims

A former union official, a shell company founder and an accountant must face a lawsuit over an alleged scheme to defraud an autoworkers' health benefits fund out of millions of dollars, according to a New Jersey federal judge.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »*

# EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Safeguarding Privileged Communications In A Remote World

With the pandemic ushering in remote collaboration tools, counsel must revisit fundamentals of the attorney-client privilege and the work-product doctrine, study cases involving email and other recent technologies, and follow 10 best practices to protect confidentiality, say attorneys at DLA Piper.

*Read full article »*

Law360

# LEGAL INDUSTRY

## Bonus Spotlight

## 4 More BigLaw Firms Pay Another COVID-19 Bonus

Weil Gotshal &amp; Manges LLP, Ropes &amp; Gray LLP, Morgan Lewis &amp; Bockius LLP and Linklaters LLP will be distributing spring and fall bonuses to their associates for work during the pandemic, the firms confirmed Monday.

*Read full article »*

## Titan Of The Plaintiffs Bar: Caldwell Cassady's Brad Caldwell

One would never show their playbook to an opponent before a football game, but Brad Caldwell says that's pretty much what has happened since he represented VirnetX in the first of several trials against Apple nearly a decade ago. He's won each time by largely sticking to a consistent storyline, most recently securing a $502.8 million verdict for his client in the companies' fifth trial in October.

*Read full article »*

## McDonald's Taps Boston Scientific Atty As New GC

McDonald's announced Monday that the fast food giant has appointed a Boston Scientific Corp. attorney as its new general counsel and corporate secretary.

*Read full article »*

## NY Judge Scolded For Facebook Photos In Cop Uniform

The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct said Monday it formally admonished a local judge for posting to Facebook photos of himself in a police officer's uniform, actions the commission said call his objectivity into question in cases involving law enforcement.

*Read full article »*

The Walt Disney Co.
Thomson Reuters Corp.
Toyota Motor Corp.
Twitter Inc.
United Auto Workers
VirnetX Holding Corporation
YouTube Inc.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

- California Supreme Court
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
- Central Intelligence Agency
- Federal Bureau of Investigation
- Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
- International Monetary Fund
- Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe
- New York City Police Department
- New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct
- Pennsylvania Supreme Court
- U.S. Attorney's Office
- U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts
- U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York
- U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York
- U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
- U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
- U.S. Department of Homeland Security
- U.S. Department of Justice
- U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia
- U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware
- U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
- U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
- U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana
- U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
- U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas
- U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
- U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania

IMF Beats Suit Filed By Own Legal Team Thanks To Immunity

A D.C. federal judge has granted the International Monetary Fund's request to dismiss a suit filed by its longtime legal counsel challenging the validity of an arbitral award for legal fees, finding that the IMF is immune from the suit.
Read full article »

ROSS Can't Toss IP Suit Claims It Stole Westlaw Content

Legal research startup ROSS Intelligence can't dismiss copyright claims from Thomson Reuters that the former illegally copied huge swaths of the Westlaw database to create a competing service, a Delaware federal judge ruled Monday.
Read full article »

Atty Recruiter Says Ex-Firm's Suit Targets Biz He Built Alone

An attorney recruiter battling his former employer over alleged trade secret theft told a Texas federal court Friday he built his Asia-focused business "from the ground up" and should see the claims against him thrown out.
Read full article »

Suspended Atty Wants Court Review Of Calif. Bar Speech Rule

An attorney suspended from practicing law in California has petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to review whether a state bar may punish him for statements deemed false but also found to be harmless, arguing that the decision to suspend him places unconstitutional limits on advocacy speech from lawyers.
Read full article »

JOBS
Search full listings or advertise your job opening

U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Supreme Court
United Nations
United States District Court for the District of Colorado
World Bank Group
World Health Organization

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00019091