From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Epstein Passport
Date: Fri, 12 Jul 2019 02:44:38 +0000
Importance: Normal

I can certainly send you the court order on the bail determination once it's issued. If you haven't gotten it from me by later next week, could you please just remind me? I don't want it to get lost in the avalanche of current stuff.

Also just to note, we obviously have no position (or request, directive, hint, nod, or wink) whatsoever regarding his passport—we don't know what that process is so we completely defer on the substance. But of course happy to get you the order, and let us know if anything else would be helpful.

thank you,

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 10:43
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Epstein Passport

The State Department has gotten several inquiries regarding Epstein's passport. He currently has one valid passport and Consular Affairs (CA) would like to revoke it.

I understand he will have a bail hearing on Monday. Would you be able to send me the court order (even if he is remanded) so CA can revoke to the book? I assume if he is released on bail there will be a travel restriction imposed/surrender of his passport.

Thanks.

ASAC

EFTA00018178

U.S. Department of State
Diplomatic Security Service
New York Field Office

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 10:14 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Epstein Passport

Happy to be in touch – let us know what info we can provide or how we can be of help.

thanks,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 22:12
To:
Cc:
Subject: Epstein Passport

Cc'd to this email is the prosecution team for the Epstein case.

Team,

Please meet [redacted] an ASAC at the DSS NY Field Office (and my former boss).

State Department's Consular Affairs Bureau is looking for some information regarding Epstein's passport, as they considering revoking it. Can you guys please coordinate with [redacted] regarding this issue.

Thanks!

Special Agent
U.S. Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00018179