EFTA00017788

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday
Date: Thu, 15 Aug 2019 11:25:57 +0000

Should we invite paralegals? Interns?

On Aug 15, 2019, at 6:21 AM, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

I'm not going to spend any more time on this, if LE agents want to come they can deal with any issues that come for not giving MCC a heads up. But I'm sure it'll be fine.

Begin forwarded message:

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Date: August 15, 2019 at 5:57:26 AM EDT
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday

Thanks for the heads up. If it's possible to get them before you come, please do.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---
From: " " )" &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Date: 8/14/19 10:56 PM (GMT-05:00)
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Subject: Re: MCC Visit Thursday

&gt;&gt;&gt; " " )" 08/14/2019 22:56 &gt;&gt;&gt;
I just found out that additional law enforcement agents will be joining but I don't know how many and who. I asked. I'm sorry!

On Aug 14, 2019, at 12:49 PM, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Resending, I got an error last time.

From: [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:41 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;;; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted] &gt;) &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday

Ed O'Callahan – Principal Deputy Attorney General

Geoffrey Berman – US Attorney

From: |  |
| --- |
|  |
|  |
|  |
|  |
|  |

Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:26 PM

To: |
| Cc:

|  |
| --- | |

Subject: RE: MCC Visit Thursday

Hi

Not a problem. I will add them to the list. Do you have everyone's titles?

I will advise the Warden of the request that he accompany us on the tour.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; " |  |
| --- |

Two additional people from DOJ will join the visit:

Ed O'Callahan

In addition, Geoff has asked that the new acting warden join the tour. Let me know if you have any questions, thanks.

From: |  |
| --- |
|  Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 4:03 PM  |

To: |  |
| --- |

EFTA00017789

Cc: [redacted] <redacted> <blacked

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
Tel: [redacted]

EFT A00017791