Bank of America N.A.
Legal Order Processing
Christiana IV
800 Samoset Drive
Newark, DE 19713
Mail code DE5-024-02-08

Attention: Legal Order Processing

Delivered via: FEDEX

**Rider**

**ALL OPEN AND CLOSED ACCOUNTS**

Please provide all images of documents in Adobe PDF files on CDs. Additionally, please provide Data Transaction Files in Excel of all account statements.

Please provide from inception to present any and all records pertaining to the following accounts(s)/organization(s)/individuals(s) whether held jointly or severally or as trustee or fiduciary as well as custodian, executor or guardian:

A. Please use the following identifiers:

|  NAMES/ENTITIES | AKA:  |
| --- | --- |
|  DOB |   |
|  SSN |   |
|  PHONE |   |

EFTA00019755

|  EMAIL |   |
| --- | --- |
|  ACCOUNT NUMBER |   |

B. Records to be produced should include but are not limited to the items listed below:

1. Documents (checks, debit memos, cash in tickets, wires in, wires out, etc.) reflecting additions and/or subtractions to the account and how the account balances are being satisfied on a monthly basis;
2. Signature cards;
3. Proof of identification (including but not limited to copies of identification used to open the account);
4. Location of withdrawals
5. Opening account(s) documents with attachments, including any and all applications, internal documents generated to open account(s), and identification information or other documentation provided by Customer;
6. "Know your customer" documentation;
7. Wire transfer records (incoming and outgoing, and any and all applications and instructions);
8. Safe deposit records, including applications, signature cards, and sign-in records;
9. Trust accounts;
10. Monthly statements;
11. Credit card statements;
12. Bank, travelers, or cashier checks drawn on account or purchased with an account check;
13. Prepaid debit cards, certified checks, cashiers' checks, money orders, and traveler's checks;
14. Loan, lease, and/or mortgage application files (whether granted or denied) including credit reports, applications, and payments made on loans;
15. Any and all corporate resolutions, certifications of incorporation, business certificates and/or partnership agreements;
16. Online banking information- All information regarding the electronic use of banking systems to include the following: username, registration IP address, online account creation date, online account status and IP logs/history, MAC addresses and online session times and duration; and
17. Any and all correspondence, electronic or otherwise, including memoranda, emails and text messages, that reference or concern items (1) through (16), above, and/or any financial interests involving the individuals and/or entities identified in Section A.

If you have any questions or comments, please contact [redacted]. Forensic Accountant, at [redacted].

EFTA00019756