From: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt;&gt;
To: " " )" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " " )" &lt;&gt;, " " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Expert Witness
Date: Thu, 29 Oct 2020 00:47:38 +0000
Attachments: October2020Mehlman-OrozcoCV.pdf; CriminalCaseFeeSchedule2020.pdf

Sure, that works. CV and fee schedule attached.

I look forward to chatting tomorrow.

Best,

Kim

On Wed, Oct 28, 2020 at 6:48 PM &lt;&gt; wrote:

Thanks very much -- 3:30 p.m. tomorrow would be great, if that works for you, and if you're able to send those materials that would be helpful. We can use the following conference line: , passcode

Thanks,

From: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt;&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 6:23 PM
To: Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt;&gt;
Cc: " " ) &lt;&gt;; " " ) &lt;&gt;; " " ) &lt;&gt;;
Subject: Re: Expert Witness

Also, I have some availability tomorrow before noon or after 3:00pm, if that works better.

Please let me know what works for you and if you'd like a CV and fee schedule in the interim.

Best,

EFTA00018629

Kim

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 1:17 PM, Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco &lt; &gt; wrote:

Hi ,

Yes, I have some time to chat this week. I have availability today or Friday before noon or after 3:00pm.

I can be reached on my cell or feel free to circulate a call-in number.

Best,

Kim

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 1:10 PM, &lt; wrote:

Dr. Mehlman-Orozco,

My colleagues, and I are the prosecutors in the case of United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, which is scheduled to go to trial on July 12, 2020 in the Southern District of New York. We would be interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify at trial. Are you available for a call this week to discuss?

Thanks very much,

EFTA00018630

EFTA00018631

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

Dr. Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco
www.mehlmanorozco.com

Available for Purchase Barnes and Noble &amp; Amazon