From: "Martin G. Weinberg"
To: "  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;
&amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  &amp;  "

Subject: US v Epstein
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 12:54:55 +0000

[redacted] first if the emails regarding Mr. Epstein's death and our preservation/production requests on behalf of his family should be sent to another prosecutor (Mike Miller had the name of [redacted] but not the full name) please advise. We would ask you to confirm the request sent to you yesterday has been forwarded. We also request that DNA be lifted from the ligatures and/or bed stripping found in Mr Epstein's MCC cell on August 10, 2019.

Separately, since the attorney client privilege survives death, we are still requesting a taint review in the event any review at all of his emails from the seizures at Teterboro on Aug 6 or from his NYC residence are to be undertaken. If you provide me with the name of the taint attorney when selected, I will provide a list of attorneys.

Lastly, is it the Government's intention to move to dismiss the Indictment against Mr. Epstein and if so will that occur today?

Thanks, Marty
Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.
20 Park Plaza
Suite 1000
Boston, MA 02116
[redacted] - Office
[redacted] - Cell

This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.

EFTA00019069