EFT A00018180

From: adrian edwards <br/>
To: <br/>
Subject: Fwd:
Date: Fri, 12 Jul 2019 12:29:04 +0000

FYI: The Domestic Agencies who supply the Staff to the rich and famous, cover up crimes in order to collect fee's and to continue doing business.

They send Staff for interviews knowing fine well that the client is either violent, a drunk/ drug abuser, physically/ verbally abusive, or even YES, a pedophile.

MANY very rich clients ask for "Pretty Staff" and often they are sexual harassed on a daily basis in return for monies... favors, etc.

For example... "Do this for me, and your family in the Philippines will be able to buy that house"

These very rich families have the Staff sign "Confidentiality Clauses" and then have their lawyers scare the hell out of any Staff Members who dares to answer back, criticize, or threaten to go to the Police or the Press, as the lawyers threaten the Staff with the "Confidentiality Papers" and say things like... "You will NEVER work again, and we will take your house, or apt away from you with Court costs so shut up"

Then the same lawyers hand checks to disgruntled, or abused Domestic Workers as a pay-off to shut up and to go away... and the Domestic Agencies then are told to blacklist the individual.

This is how 5th and Park Avenue operate... and yes, even CPW and Tribeca...

THEN to top it off the Domestic Agencies then threaten the Staff and say... "If you dare to go to the Police, or the Press, or even the US Attorneys Office, we will blacklist you and no Agency will ever work with you ever again"

How do you think Epstein and so many others get away with abuse for so long ????????

It is designed that way. All are scared to talk ... and all are threatened... one way or another.

The US Attorneys Office could expose this, and for sure the damn will burst wide open on the likes of Seinfeld, Kalikow, Black, Soros, and many many more...

The Domestic Agencies are just as guilty as the Clients who are up to no good, as they are licensed and bonded, and should know better.

They cover up for the Clients, and even work with the lawyers of the rich to defend the rich from any legal cases against them.

The key to all the abuse by the rich and famous in NYC is for the Domestic Employee's to feel safe to walk into the US Attorney's Office any time and file a complaint.

NOT the 19th Precinct who cover up for the rich, as the rich are very cunning, and offer ex Detectives cushy jobs as Driver/ Security when they retire from the 19th...

No, the US Attorneys Office need to have an open door for employee's of the rich and famous, so that they can feel safe.

The NYPD are hired by the rich, so there is a bias...

No US Attorney ever goes to work for a Celebrity as a Security/ Driver detail...

Allow Domestic Workers a safety net to walk into your office, regardless of "Confidentiality Clauses" and you will hear it all...

Trust me, it's not pretty.

Epstein is NOT alone in NYC... The abuse is all over... From sexual to major tax evasion. Suitcases of cash taken onto private planes... and more...

Adrian Edwards-Smith

EFTA00018181