From: _______________

To: Gloria Allred <c: <table><tr><td>Subject: Re: Urgent! ____________, an Epstein victim, just told me that she was able to get child care and would like to fly to New York for the hearing Tuesday. What is your telephone number, ____________, so that I can call you a.s.a.p.? </td></tr><tr><td>Date: Sun, 25 Aug 2019 18:21:17 +0000</td></tr><tr><td>Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.jpg</td></tr></table>

Thanks very much. Sorry if missed it, but would you also please send me her DOB?

On Aug 25, 2019, at 2:18 PM, Gloria Allred <c:> wrote:

On her driver's license it states on one line <table> and then on the next line below it, <table> Thanks again for working on a Sunday to assist <table> with her travel from Las Vegas to New York tomorrow.

## Gloria Allred

Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg

www.amglaw.com

www.gloriaallred.com

<image001.png>

<image002.jpg>

From: _______________

Sent: Sunday, August 25, 2019 7:43 AM

To: Gloria Allred <c: c:="" www.gloiaallred.com="">

Subject: Re: Urgent! ____________, an Epstein victim, just told me that she was able to get child care and would like to fly to New York for the hearing Tuesday. What is your telephone number, ____________, so that I can call you a.s.a.p.?

Thanks Gloria. I've reminded <table> about the previous booking but have not heard back. Please do send me that information when you can, just in case <table> still needs it.

On Aug 25, 2019, at 10:35 AM, Gloria Allred <c:> wrote:

Thank you very much, <table> would like to fly from Las Vegas to New York tomorrow morning. <table> booked last flight to New York to meet with you, so she should have a copy of her driver's license., which my assistant, Diane, had sent to her for travel for that meeting. If not, I had told <table> that I would speak to her at noon pacific today re her travel and I can get it then. I will also try to reach her earlier, but I know that she is not available until later this morning.

## Gloria Allred

EFTA00020080</c:></table></c:></table></table></table></table></table></table></table></table></table></table></table>

EFT A00020081

Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg

www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
<image001.png>
<image002.jpg>

From:
Sent: Sunday, August 25, 2019 7:21 AM
To:
Cc: Gloria Allred
Subject: Re: Urgent! , an Epstein victim, just told me that she was able to get child care and would like to fly to New York for the hearing Tuesday. What is your telephone number, , so that I can call you a.s.a.p.?

Gloria,

is going to try to book this flight, but she asked me to confirm what airport she will be flying from, her name exactly as it appears on her ID, and her DOB. Would you please send me that information?

Thanks,

On Aug 25, 2019, at 8:53 AM,
&gt; wrote:

Hi Gloria,

We will try to connect with today to see if we can sort this out. It's possible we won't be able to make arrangements this late, but we will do our best and we understand the time sensitivity. Thanks for reaching out.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 25, 2019, at 1:41 AM, Gloria Allred
&gt; wrote:

Is there a cell number for that I can call to make travel arrangements for ? I sent the email below and left a voice mail for her on her office phone but she did not respond. I understand.
It is the weekend, but is there a way that I can reach her or another agent to arrange trip from Las Vegas to New York on Monday morning? It would mean so much to her to attend the hearing and does not have funds to pay for the flight and get reimbursed after that.

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg

www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
<image001.png>
<image002.jpg></image002.jpg></image001.png></image002.jpg></image001.png>

From: Gloria Allred
Sent: Saturday, August 24, 2019 4:09 PM
To: Olsen, [redacted] (USANYS)
Cc: [redacted]
Subject: Urgent! [redacted], an Epstein victim, just told me that she was able to get child care and would like to fly to New York for the hearing Tuesday. What is your telephone number, [redacted], so that I can call you a.s.a.p.?

Sorry about the late notice.

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
[redacted]
www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
<image001.png>
<image002.jpg>

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [redacted]. Thank you.

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [redacted]. Thank you.

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [redacted]. Thank you.

Martindale-Hubbell
[redacted]
AVE PREEMINENT
Peer Rated for Highest Level of Professional Excellence 2017
ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG 2018
Rest Lawyers
RECOGNIZED BY

EFTA00020082</image002.jpg></image001.png>