EFTA00019169

From: " " " &lt;---&gt; "
To: " " " &lt;---&gt; "
Subject: Fw: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL
Date: Fri, 11 Jun 2010 15:16:05 +0000
Importance: Normal

From: [REDACTED]
To: [REDACTED]
Sent: Mon Jun 07 11:09:02 2010
Subject: FW: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL

Yours???

[REDACTED]
Special Agent
Federal Bureau of Investigation
450 Golden Gate Ave., 13th floor
San Francisco, CA 94102

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Friday, June 04, 2010 10:18 AM
To: [REDACTED] E.
Subject: PRIVATE &amp; CONFIDENTIAL

Hello Agent [REDACTED],

IMPORTANT. I am writing a book and producing a documentary on a significant child trafficking case and understand you have been assigned to this particular case.

Jeffrey Epstein will most likely leave the country (right after he completes house arrest on 7/21/10), for good. He does not have to remain in the US since he does not NEED TO EVER work, or represent clients. He knows he CANNOT and has no interest in soliciting new clients. He has made enough money ($2 billion assets according to last income tax return), to personally manage his wealth and thereby save the 2% fee usually paid to an investment banker who manages large portfolios.

Epstein will be free in 2 months and continue to damage vulnerable and underage girls in other countries.

He doesn't ever NEED to work.

Question: Why hasn't the FBI not contacted attorney Robert Josefsberg in Miami in order to speak with victim [REDACTED] in Australia? THIS IS STEP 1 if the FBI is truly interested in arresting him on child sex trafficking charges. [REDACTED]

[REDACTED] is Jane Doe 102 in case # 09-80656. She was trafficked and prostituted and now lives with her husband and baby in Australia. He settled last year with her for pennies (in comparison to what he's worth), and she now has a gag order. [REDACTED] is key witness since she was on his plane many times being paid to perform sexual activities with heads of state, leading businessmen, royalty, politicians and celebrities.

Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and if you have any questions you may reach me via email or telephone [REDACTED]

Sincerely,

The message and any attachment may be confidential or privileged and is intended only for the individual or entity identified above as the addressee. If you are not the addressee, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, you are not authorized to read, copy or distribute this message or any attachments and we ask that you please delete this message and any attachments and notify the sender by return email.

Delivery of this message and any attachments to any person (s) is not intended in any way to waive confidentiality or a privilege.

EFTA00019170