From: "_________________________)" &lt;_________________________&gt;
To: "Miller, Michael" &lt;_________________________&gt;, "Martin G. Weinberg" &lt;_________________________&gt;
Cc: "Weingarten, Reid" &lt;_________________________&gt;, "Gilbert, Sara" &lt;_________________________&gt;, "_________________________&gt;"

Subject: RE: US v Epstein
Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 22:07:42 +0000

Mike, Marty,

Following up on our prior conversations, we are able to provide you with the contact information for the Assistant U.S. Attorneys who are assigned to the investigation of Mr. Epstein’s death. They are:

_________________________
_________________________
_________________________

I have also provided them with your contact information.

thank you,

_________________________

From: Miller, Michael &lt;_________________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 16:52
To: "_________________________)&lt;_________________________&gt;; Martin G. Weinberg &lt;_________________________&gt;
Cc: "_________________________&gt;_________________________&gt;; "_________________________&gt;;; Weingarten, Reid &lt;_________________________&gt;; Gilbert, Sara &lt;_________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: US v Epstein

_________________________

Why don't we use the following dial-in for tomorrow at 9:30?

_________________________
80943#

Mike

Michael C. Miller
Partner
_________________________

Steptoe
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
1114 Avenue of the Americas | New York, NY 10036
www.steptoe.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message.

EFTA00020174

From: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 4:42 PM

To: Martin G. Weinberg &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Cc: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;; Miller, Michael &lt;[Redacted]&gt;; Weingarten, Reid &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Subject: Re: US v Epstein

Marty,

That time works for us, thanks. Could you please circulate a dial-in?

Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 14, 2019, at 11:23 AM, Martin G. Weinberg &lt;[Redacted]&gt; wrote:

[Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt; . Mike and I are authorized to continue the discussion of potential civil forfeiture issues with you. Are you available at 930 tomorrow morning? Thanks

Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.
[Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;
Boston, MA 02116
[Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

This Electronic Message contains information from the Law
Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.

EFTA00020175