EFT A00019233

From:
To: " ( )" &lt;
Cc: " ( )" &lt;
Subject: RE: MCC New York (Procedural Review)
Date: Fri, 17 Jan 2020 18:49:04 +0000

Hi

I will give you a call today but would it be possible to have the discussion early next week and include [redacted] who is our SAC of Operations in HQ also participate as he deals directly with the BOP/HQ staff regarding BOP case matters and has spoken directly to [redacted] of the BOP OIA about this matter? Thanks.

From: [redacted]
Sent: Friday, January 17, 2020 1:12 PM
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted] &lt; [redacted]
Subject: RE: MCC New York (Procedural Review)

[redacted] – sorry for the delayed response on this. Do you have a few minutes to chat this afternoon or early next week? Thanks,

From: [redacted]
Sent: Thursday, January 9, 2020 4:55 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]

Subject: FW: MCC New York (Procedural Review)

Hello Everyone,

Our HQ staff was contacted by the Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) in association with the matters concerning the Epstein/MCC case, and informed that they would like to convene a Board of Inquiry that would review the operations at the MCC NY. I have been asked to share this with the investigative and prosecution team for opinion and consideration. I requested that the BOP provide us with some specific information and details about what this would include and we were provided with the below information and attached Program Statement. Can you all please review this information and then can one representative from the FBI and one representative from the U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY, let us know your

office's position regarding this matter? I have included SAC and ASAC of our Operations Branch I (OPS I) in this email as they deal directly with the BOP HQ. Thank you all.

Special Agent in Charge
U.S. Department of Justice
Office of the Inspector General
New York Field Office
One Battery Park Plaza, 29th Floor
New York, NY 10004

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Wednesday, January 8, 2020 11:44 AM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: MCC New York

Hi [REDACTED] -

The BOP would like to convene a Board of Inquiry (relevant Program Statement attached) that would review operations generally at MCC New York. Among other issues, it will look at local policy and procedures related to special housing, review camera operations, and review training and staffing issues. This will not, of course, be a misconduct investigation. Should the Board come across anything that appears to be new misconduct allegations, they will be reported consistent with normal misconduct reporting requirements.

We are mindful of the on-going criminal investigation, and are aware that administrative charges may also arise connected to the criminal case. We will studiously avoid creating any sort of conflict with that case. Please let me know if you have additional questions or would like to discuss. Thanks in advance.

U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Office of Internal Affairs
320 First Street, N.W., Room 600
Washington, D.C. 20534

EFTA00019234