From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Fwd: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Date: Fri, 18 Oct 2019 23:16:40 +0000

Gloria just left me a vm—she said the client is a victim from the 90s and is willing to be interviewed on Wednesday. I think she wants to know soon whether we want to do that, because it affects trial arrangements. I’ll be on trial on Wednesday, so defer to you as to whether that fits your schedules.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Gloria Allred <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <fcel> <

From: Gloria Allred

Date: October 18, 2019 at 5:02:17 PM EDT

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Gloria Allred

Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg

6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500

Los Angeles, CA 90048

www.amglaw.com

www.gloriaallred.com

<image001.jpg>

<image002.png>

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [fcel]. Thank you.

EFTA00019717</image002.png></image002.png></image001.jpg></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel>