From: " )" &lt;---&gt;
To: ---&gt;
Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509)
Date: Thu, 05 Nov 2020 17:31:15 +0000

Just tried you but got no answer. I'm at my desk when you have a minute

Thanks,

From: ---&gt;
Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 12:28 PM
To: ---&gt; &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509)

yes, I am at Brooklyn today. Available until 2:30.

&gt;&gt;&gt; " )" &lt;---&gt; 11/5/2020 12:27 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hi Nicole,

Do you have time today or tomorrow for a call to discuss?

Thanks,

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>
Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM
To: ---&gt; &lt;---&gt;
Cc: BRO/Exec Assistant~ <bro execassistant~@bop.gov="">; Nicole McFarland &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509)

Good morning-

As a result of my email to you on Sunday and your intervention with the MDC, Ms. Maxwell is permitted use of a mug for water and possession of commissary snacks in her isolation cell.

However, the information provided to you regarding moisture and temperature conflicts with our information. I am told that moisture in her cell has degraded envelopes and paperwork and the temperature check was conducted outside her cell.

I request that Ms. Maxwell be moved to an interior cell. This relocation would eliminate exposure to moisture and cold air seeping through exterior concrete walls. Further, it would assist in safeguarding Ms. Maxwell from impending cold temperatures and the detrimental effect of wind, rain and snow.

Your continued assistance is needed and greatly appreciated.

Thank you-
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor
New York, NY 10011

EFTA00019115</bro></bcsternheim@mac.com>

Main: 212-243-1100
Cell: 917-912-9698
Fax: 888-587-4737
bcsternheim@mac.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00019116