From: "__________)" &lt;_________&gt;
To: "Miller, Michael" &lt;_________&gt;, "Martin G. Weinberg" &lt;_________&gt;, "Weingarten, Reid" &lt;_________&gt;;
Cc: "__________)" &lt;_________&gt;, "__________)" &lt;_________&gt;.

Subject: RE: US v Epstein
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 20:53:05 +0000
Attachments: Jeffrey_Epstein_Statement_8.10.19_PR.pdf

Mike,

I know we just spoke but I wanted to memorialize the information for everyone in one place – regarding your question about the "__________" (phonetic) who called an individual associated with Mr. Epstein regarding next steps for recovery of Mr. Epstein's body, we confirmed with BOP that the call was not a hoax; Mr. __________ does work for BOP / MCC and his contact number is in fact __________.

The slight divergence of the BOP account from your understanding is that BOP advised us that Mr. __________ had contacted Mr. Epstein's brother to advise that when the body is ready, part of BOP's responsibility is to arrange for its transport (and possibly other notifications or logistics for next-of-kin). They were not trying to convey that the body is ready now; rather, they expect it will be some time until that is the case, but they wanted to contact next-of-kin immediately. So you and/or Mr. Epstein's brother should feel free to be in touch with BOP at that number if and when that would be useful.

Separately, it is in process for us to determine whether we are able to provide a contact name and number for the new investigation(s), but in the interim, as we discussed, you should feel free to refer any individuals to the FBI tip line, which will continue to do intake on all Epstein-related matters including the new investigation; that number is 1-800-CALL-FBI.

Finally, attached is a statement put out by our office this afternoon, so you have it directly. Given the active investigation into the circumstances of Mr. Epstein's death, I think it is possible we will not receive additional substantive information in the immediate future (or that if we do, it will be information we're not permitted to share outside our Office because of the nature of the investigation), but we will continue to convey any substantive information that we can.

thank you,

From: __________
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 11:57
To: Miller, Michael &lt;_________&gt;; Martin G. Weinberg &lt;_________&gt;; Weingarten, Reid &lt;_________&gt;;
Cc: __________ &lt;_________&gt;; __________ &lt;_________&gt;.
Subject: Re: US v Epstein

Mike, Marty, Reid,

Following up on my conversations with Mike and Marty this morning, and my discussion with Mike moments ago, attached is a press release just sent to us (and I believe also issued publicly) some minutes ago. It represents all the information we have from BOP so far, but of course if we are successful in our continuing efforts to get additional information we will pass it along immediately.

Separately, we can tell you that the reports that an FBI investigation into the death has been initiated are accurate, and I fully expect that investigation to be extremely rigorous.

EFTA00019956

As always please don't hesitate to reach out to us directly at any time if that would be useful.

thank you,

EFTA00019957