EFTA00018976

From: " (OIG)" &lt;---&gt;
To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;, " (NY) (OGA) (FBI)" &lt;---&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;---&gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;---&gt;

Subject: FW: Requested Documents
Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2019 14:57:11 +0000
Attachments: E-Mails_from_Psychology.pdf

Please see the attached emails regarding Suicide Watch and Psychological Observation. Suicide Watch and Psychological Observation occur in cells on the second floor. The only difference is that while on Suicide Watch inmates are not permitted to have clothes in their cell.

Some questions I just asked Lt. Doctor this morning:

1) Are there logs slips for the head counts done at 3:00 a.m. and 5:00 a.m.? If so, can we get copies?
She is getting us those forms.

2) Who was Epstein's last cellmate?
. He had court on 8/9/19 and was released from 500 Pearl St. According to the BOP webpage he was released from custody and his location now is unknown. was a regular SHU inmate, not special trainings according to his file.

3) Was Epstein supposed to have a cellmate?
According to Lt. Doctor, there was not a requirement for him to have a cellmate.

4) Who assignments cellmates?
Any officer can assign cellmates, as long as there are no "conflicts." The only person Epstein was not permitted to be cellmates with was "Tartaglione", who was his cellmate during his first suicide attempt.

U.S. Department of Justice
Office of the Inspector General
New York Field Office
New York, NY 10004
{Office}
{Cell Phone}

From: [mailto:]
Sent: Sunday, August 11, 2019 10:33 AM
To: [ ] (OIG) &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Requested Documents