From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;, " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Scanning

Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2019 17:24:23 +0000

The former, along with the date it was received and the location on the shared, if possible. Thank you!

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 28, 2019 1:21 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;; (USANYS) &lt;.

Subject: RE: Scanning

The subpoena log is now updated. For the outstanding requests log would you like me to mark that something has been received or just to delete it entirely from the spreadsheet?

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2019 6:45 PM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;; (USANYS) &lt;.

Subject: RE: Scanning

Hey Will,

Could you please update the outstanding requests log and the subpoena log tomorrow? Thank you!

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2019 5:00 PM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;; (USANYS) &lt;.

Subject: RE: Scanning

Awesome, thank you!

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2019 4:51 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;; (USANYS) &lt;.

Subject: Scanning

The beast has been slayed.

I organized the files out of the jumble that they were brought to us in. A few things that will probably be helpful to know:

1. There were some commissary receipts/finance documents pertaining to Epstein's activity inside of prison. I didn't know where to put this so I left it outside of the folders but still inside MCC Recs
2. In the MCC Regs folder, I put a few things:

a. One file had inventory and then at the end some documents pertaining to daily key counts. I wasn't sure if these were different so I created a separate file for the key counts just in case (while also keeping them in the inventory file)

b. The MCC training 06-06-19 &amp; information file was confusing to me. It was massive and I couldn't tell whether or not I needed to separate anything out.

EFTA00018872

Everything else should be pretty straightforward as to where it is located. Let me know if you need me to clarify anything or help any further.

EFTA00018873