From: Jeffrey Pop &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation,
Date: Fri, 27 Dec 2019 03:33:05 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Thank you for your clarification. [REDACTED] was a victim. This process is emotionally very difficult for her.

I feel that we can safely comply with her wishes to assist the investigation in the areas you have outlined without any criminal exposure to her.

I will begin to compile an attorney proffer.

Jeff

Jeffrey S. Pop, Esq.
JEFFREY S. POP &amp; ASSOCIATES
[REDACTED]
Beverly Hills, California 90212-3429
[REDACTED]
fax
www.poplawery.com
www.vaccineinjuryteam.com

JEFFREY S. POP &amp; ASSOCIATES
A LAW CORPORATION
Since 1880

CONFIDENTIALITY
This e-mail is for the personal and exclusive use of the recipient(s) named above. It contains confidential information from Jeffrey S. Pop &amp; Associates. Its contents are not only to remain absolutely confidential, but may also be subject to the attorney-client privilege or coverage under the work-product doctrine. If you have received this transmission and are not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use, review, copying, selling, dissemination, publication, or distribution of this transmission is strictly unauthorized and prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by mail, and delete the e-mail file from your computer. Postage is guaranteed. Your cooperation is appreciated. Thank you.

From: [REDACTED] [mailto:]
Sent: Monday, December 23, 2019 9:34 PM
To: Jeffrey Pop
Cc: [REDACTED]; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation, [REDACTED]

Jeff,

Following up on our phone conversation today, I wanted to memorialize that, as discussed, we do not currently have reason to believe Ms. [REDACTED] has criminal exposure based on what we are aware of in connection with her interactions with Jeffrey Epstein, and your brief attorney proffer regarding the circumstances of those interactions are consistent with that view. In your further discussions with Ms. [REDACTED] in advance of a further attorney proffer to address the general

EFTA00019908

nature of her relationship with Mr. Epstein, as well as his employees or relevant close associates, if you have any concerns about additional possible exposure you should please feel free to be in touch with us again. As we also discussed, I believe any non-federal offenses would be well outside the relevant statute(s) of limitation, but of course if you wish to further research that issue, or consult with criminal counsel, we defer to you entirely.

Please let us know if any other information would be useful at this stage, and hopefully we can be in touch in the coming weeks about productive next steps.

thank you,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00019909