Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 1

# DR. KIMBERLY B. MEHLMAN-OROZCO

www.mehlmanorozco.com

# EDUCATION

## Doctor of Philosophy
Criminology, Law and Society
George Mason University

Dissertation: The “Crimmigration” Affect: An Analysis of 287(g) and Latino/a Representation in the U.S. Juvenile Justice System

Expertise: Human Trafficking, Human Smuggling, Immigration, Survey Methods and Systematic Review

## Master of Arts
Justice, Law, and Crime Policy
George Mason University

Thesis: Foreign Nationals and Crime: An Exploratory Analysis of Undocumented Migrants in Northern Virginia

## Bachelor of Science
Administration of Justice
George Mason University

Cam Lande

# TEACHING EXPERIENCE

## Surviving and Thriving Beyond Sex Trafficking
SP18
Ph.D. Research Course
Sustainability Education
Prescott College

## CRIM307 Social Inequality, Crime, and Justice
FA17
Criminology, Law and Society
George Mason University

## CRIM405 Law and Justice Around the World
SP17, SP18
Criminology, Law and Society
George Mason University

## CRIM308 Human Rights and Justice
FA16
Criminology, Law and Society
George Mason University

## CCJS100 Intro to Criminal Justice
FA12-SP14
Department of Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
University of Maryland College Park

## CCJS370 Race and Crime
FA12-SP14
Department of Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
University of Maryland College Park

## CCJS432 Law of Corrections
FA12
Department of Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
University of Maryland College Park

EFTA00018632

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020

Mehlman-Orozco 2

CCJS418J Foreign Nationals and Crime
FA12-SP13
Department of Criminology &amp; Criminal Justice
University of Maryland College Park

CRIM490 Foreign Nationals and Crime
SU09, SU10, SU11, SU12
Criminology, Law and Society
George Mason University

GED, Work Place Essential Skills, and Adult Basic Education
SU05-SU06
Adult Detention Center
Prince William County

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE

CEO
FA19– Present
Break the Chain

Executive Director
WI18– Present
Freedom Light

Partner/Human Trafficking Expert Witness
FA16– WI18
Mahn, Mehlman &amp; Associates

Human Trafficking Subject Matter Expert
SU16-FA17
RAND Corporation

Executive Director/Human Trafficking Consultant
WI12– FA16
The Justitia Institute

Director
FA10 – WI12
Latino Policy Institute
Roger Williams University

Research Associate
SU11 – WI12
Cochrane Collaboration College for Policy
George Mason University

Lead Clinical Trials Search Coordinator
SU10 – WI12
Justice Health Field
The Cochrane Collaboration

Senior Research Associate
SU08 – SU11
OJJDP Census of Juveniles on Probation
George Mason University

Graduate Research Assistant
SU10 – FA10
Violence and Victimization Research Division
National Institute of Justice (On Contract)
Office of Justice Programs

Senior Fellow
SU08 – FA10
The Lloyd Society

EFTA00018633

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020

Mehlman-Orozco 3

Graduate Research Assistant
SU06 – SU08
Trinidad &amp; Tobago Crime Reduction Project
George Mason University

Graduate Research Assistant
WI07-SP07, SP08
OJJDP Vaccines for Children Project
George Mason University

PUBLICATIONS

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2019). “Jeffrey Epstein’s deal with Alexander Acosta wasn’t out of line with what I have seen.” USA Today.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. and Sheriff William D. Snyder. (2019). “Robert Kraft spa scandal: Sex trafficking is hard to prove, that doesn’t mean it’s a lie.” USA Today.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. and William D. Snyder. (2019). “Legalizing prostitution could end sex-trafficking investigations.” The Hill.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2019). “How to Fight Sex Trafficking.” Politico.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2019). The Jibadi Next Door: How ISIS is Forcing, Defrauding, and Coercing Your Neighbor into Terrorism. SkyHorse.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). “Sex trafficking bill likely to do more harm than good.” The Baltimore Sun.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). “Why cracking down on websites won’t stop online sex trafficking.” Thomson Reuters Foundation.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). “Legislation Aiming to Stop Sex Trafficking Would Hurt Investigations.” Homeland Security Today.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). “Trafficking victims get lost under unjust criminal convictions.” The Hill.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). “Projected Heroes and Self-Perceived Manipulators: Understanding the Duplicitous Identities of Human Traffickers.” Trends in Organized Crime.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). Hidden in Plain Sight: America’s Slaves of the New Millennium. ABC-CLIO/Praeger.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly. (2017). “Why we should question the FBI’s recent human trafficking sting.” Thomson Reuters.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly. (2017). “Decriminalize sex work to bring trafficking victims out of the shadows.” The Hill.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly. (2017). “Decriminalizing sex work would help bring victims out of the shadows.” The Washington Post.

EFTA00018634

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 4

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Why the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act is the Wrong Solution." The Crime Report.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Identifying Victims of Human Trafficking." *Dimensions of Dental Hygiene*.

Syme, Sheryl, Camardese, Susan, and Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco. (2017). "Human Trafficking: Red Flags for Dental Professionals." *Decisions in Dentistry*.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Vilifying Backpage.com won't help fight sex trafficking" The Washington Post.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Child Trafficking: The Tragedy of 'Princess'." The Crime Report.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "To sue or not to sue third-party businesses for sex trafficking?" Thomson Reuters Foundation.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Hunting the Internet's Sex Predators." The Crime Report.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Will shutting down Backpage.com end the scourge of child sex trafficking in America?" Thomson Reuters Foundation.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Sex Trafficking: A Surprising Rescue Story." The Crime Report.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "What every parent should know about sex trafficking." Baltimore Sun.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. and Simon Hedlin. (2017). "Mehlman-Orozco, Hedlin: Stop criminalizing victims of sex trafficking." The Houston Chronicle.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). "Why Do We Criminalize Young Victims of Sex Trafficking?" The Crime Report.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). "The Plight of Sex-Trafficking Survivors." The Gay and Lesbian Review Worldwide.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). "Sex Trafficking is often hidden in plain sight." The Hill.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). "Will Legalized Prostitution End the Sex Trafficking Scourge?" The Huffington Post.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). "What happens after a human trafficking victim is rescued?" The Hill.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). "The Reality of Sex Trafficking in Washington's Red Light District." Baltimore Sun.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). "America's Symbolic, Not Effective, Anti-Trafficking Policy." Diplomatic Courier.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). America's Anti-Trafficking Efforts: Hollow victories for public accolade. Connection Newspapers: Chantilly, Centerville, Great Falls, Herndon, McLean, &amp; Vienna.

EFTA00018635

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 5

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). “Sex Slaves or Prostitutes?: How Human Trafficking is Hidden in Plain Sight in America’s Capital.” *Diplomatic Courier*.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2015). “Safe Harbor Legislation for Juvenile Victims of Sex Trafficking: A Myopic View of Improvements in Practice.” *Social Inclusion*.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2015). “Tor and the Bitcoin: An Exploration into Law Enforcement Surveillance Capability Online”. *Diplomatic Courier*.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2014). “Human Trafficking in the Philippines: A Blemish on Economic Growth”. *Diplomatic Courier, Recovery in the Philippines*.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2014). “Devoid of Research: An Evaluation of Human Trafficking Interventions”. *Diplomatic Courier, Special Issue: Breaking the Cycle of Human Trafficking*.

Martinez, Ramiro, and Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2014). “Hispanic Immigration and Crime”. *Oxford Handbook of Ethnicity, Crime, and Immigration*. Eds. Michael Tonry and Sandra Bucerius. Oxford University Press.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (Contributing Author) (2010) “Breaking It Down: Justice, Law &amp; Society Abstracts for Policymakers and Practitioners”. *Center for Justice Law and Society*.

## REPORTS

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (May, 2017). Expert Witness Report. *State of Ohio v. Michael Moore*. CR 16-3191.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2011). The Effects of In-State Tuition for Non-Citizens: A Systematic Review of the Evidence. *Latino Policy Institute at Roger Williams University*. http://www.rwu.edu/depository/lpi/lpi-report.pdf

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2008). Race and Reporting Burglary, Robbery, and Assault in Trinidad and Tobago. (Completed under a grant from the Trinidad and Tobago Government).

## SCHOLARLY PRESENTATIONS

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2019). Keynote Speaker: National Capital Region Threat Intelligence Consortium (NTIC) Human Trafficking Seminar.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2019). Law Enforcement’s Role in Combating Human Trafficking and Assisting Victims. Police Executive Research Forum (PERF).

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. and Marisa Trasatti (2019). Human Trafficking: The Silent Risk. The RIMS (Risk Management Society) Conference.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2019). Social Policy and Justice Panelist. Harvard College Project of Asian and International Relations. Harvard University.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). Women in Homeland Security Human Trafficking Symposium Panelist. Marymount University.

EFTA00018636

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020

Mehlman-Orozco 6

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). Human Trafficking Symposium Panelist. Liberty University School of Law.

Martin, Favian, Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly, and Wooditch, Alese. (2014). Mexican Migration to the United States: An Exploratory Study into Illegal Border Crossings. Academy of Criminal Justice Sciences. Philadelphia, PA

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2010). "Justice Health Systematic Review Methods," Presented at the annual colloquium of the Cochrane and Campbell Collaborations: Keystone, CO.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2010). "Open Access Systematic Reviews for Juvenile Probation Information," Presented at the first annual OJJDP Probation Summit: Washington, D.C.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B., Chirieleison, J., Sebold, C. M., Douds, A., Gallagher, A.M., and Gallagher, C.A. (2010). "Characteristics of Juveniles on Probation: Collecting Data from Atlantic to Pacific". Presented at the 2010 American Probation and Parole Association Conference: Washington, D.C.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2010). "Justice Health Search Methods: PubMed and More," Presented at the International Network for Justice Health Meeting: Scottsdale, AZ.

Gallagher, C.A., Douds, A.S., Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B., Chirieleison, J., and Olaghere, A. (2010). "Justice Health Bibliographic Data Mapping," Presented at the International Network for Justice Health Meeting: Scottsdale, AZ.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2010). "Smuggling and the Likelihood of Detention among Undocumented Migrants," Law and Society Association Conference: Chicago, IL.

Douds, A.S. and Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2010). "FASD in Justice Facilities: What does the research tell us?", Meeting of the Interagency Coordinating Committee on Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders: Rockville, MD.

Gallagher, Catherine, Taxman, Faye, Kinner, Stuart, Doyle, Jodie, Pardo-Rengifo, Monica, Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B., Olaghere, Ajima, Royle, Nick, Gabriel Cuervo, Luis. (2009). "Knowledge mapping for research prioritization: examples from the Network for Justice Health". 17th Cochrane Colloquium, Singapore.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2009). "Justice Health Systematic Review Methods," Presented at the International Network for Justice Health Meeting: Orlando, FL.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2008). "Foreign Nationals and Crime: An Exploratory Analysis of Undocumented Migrants in Northern Virginia," American Society of Criminology Conference: St. Louis, MO.

## OTHER PRESENTATIONS

Trasatti, Marisa, Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B., Clark, Fran, et al. (2020). Training to Combat Human Trafficking at your Commercial Premise—Learn the Emerging Risks, Litigation Issues and Preventative Measures. Claims and Litigation Management Alliance Conference.

Trasatti, Marisa, Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B., Ewing, Lance. (2020). Human Trafficking: The Silent Risk. Claims and Litigation Management Alliance Conference.

EFTA00018637

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 7

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). Invited Trainer on Human Trafficking Provided to the Advancing the Business of Healthcare Medical Coding Chapter in Woodbridge, Virginia (2 CEUs).

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). Invited Trainer on Human Trafficking for the Canadian Police College Human Trafficking Investigator's Course, Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Halifax Regional Police, Canada.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). Invited Annual Speaker for the College of Humanities and Social Sciences Degree Celebration, George Mason University.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2018). Invited Presenter for the Well Library Honors Event, George Mason University.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). Invited Training Presentation on Human Trafficking Red Flags for Prevent Abuse and Neglect through Dental Awareness (P.A.N.D.A).

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). Invited Guest Speaker for Human Trafficking Awareness Event with Kappa Delta Phi International Sorority, George Mason University.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). Invited Guest Speaker at the Mother's Union International Conference Human Trafficking Forum.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2017). Invited Guest Speaker at the Keeping Our Youth Safe Conference. Bernadette's House.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Invited Guest Speaker for Girls at High-Risk of Sex Trafficking. Manassas City Police Department.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Invited Guest Speaker on Human Trafficking. Woodbridge Woman's Club.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Invited Guest Speaker for TEAM Summer Quest: High-Risk Youth Diversion Program. Manassas City Police Department.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Invited Guest Speaker on Human Trafficking. Soroptimist International, Alexandria Chapter.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Invited Guest Speaker on Human Trafficking. Republican Women of Clifton.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Invited Guest Speaker on Human Trafficking in Northern Virginia. Westminster at Lake Ridge.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2016). Keynote Speaker. Soroptimist Human Trafficking Awareness Event.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2015). Invited Guest Speaker on Human Trafficking. Trinity Episcopal Church.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2015). Invited Guest Speaker for TEAM Summer Quest: High-Risk Youth Diversion Program. Manassas City Police Department.

EFTA00018638

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 8

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2014). Invited Guest Speaker for TEAM Summer Quest: High-Risk Youth Diversion Program. Manassas City Police Department.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2014). Invited Guest Speaker on Mapping Suspected Human Trafficking Networks through Advertisements. Homeland Security Investigations, DHS, Buffalo, NY.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2013). Exhibitor. Governor's Summit on Human Trafficking. Richmond, VA.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2013). Invited Guest Speaker on Labor Trafficking. St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Church.

Mehlman-Orozco, Kimberly B. (2011). Keynote Speaker. First Annual Quetzal Award Gala. Guatemalan Center of New England.

EXPERT WITNESS CASES—CONSULTATION AND/OR TESTIMONY

|  Forthcoming | Woodhull Freedom Foundation et al. v. United States.  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-Present | United States v. Matthew Woods, United States District of New Mexico  |
|  2019 | United States v. Adonis Baker, United States District of New Mexico  |
|  2019 | United States v. Cornelius Galloway, United States District of New Mexico  |
|  2018 | RCMP Federal Serious and Organized Crime R vs. Downey & Beals C/O Human Trafficking 2016-465660, Halifax, Canada  |
|  2018 | United States of America vs. Savanah April Via, U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona  |
|  2018 | Commonwealth of Virginia v. Corey Cardoza, Henrico County  |
|  2018 | People v. Kareem Abdur-Razzaaq, Ind. No. 3154/2013, and People v. Lemuel Skipper, Ind. No. 2409/2015, Bronx County  |
|  2017-2020 | United States of America v. Miguel Scott Arnold, Terrence Hawkins, Tevin Bynoe, Emonie Murphy, and Joshua Guity-Nunez, United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.  |
|  2017- 2018 | Doe v. Subh Properties, et al., Civil Litigation, State of Maryland  |
|  2017-2018 | State of Ohio v. Michael Moore, Lucas County Court  |
|  2017-2018 | People of the State of California Plaintiff v. Tracy Sims Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles  |

EFTA00018639

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 9

2017
Keo Ratha; Sem Kosal; Sophea Bun; Yem Ban; Nakry Phan; and Sok Sang v. Phatthana Seafood Co., Ltd; S.S. Frozen Food Co., Ltd.; Doe Corporations 1-5; Rubicon Resources, LLC; and Wales &amp; Co. Universe, Ltd. United States District Court for the Central District of California

2017
In re: REFLEX MEDIA, INC., a Nevada corporation, Claimant, vs. VIBE MEDIA, INC. d/b/a CityVibe.com, a California corporation; SOPHIA THOMPSON, an individual; PEAKRIDGE d/b/a SugarModels.com, an Anguilla company; DANIEL ROMAN a/k/a Daniel Romanesse, an individual; ALI ASKARI, an individual; and DOES 1 through 10, inclusive

2016-2017
J.S., S.L., and L.C. v. Village Voice Media Holdings LLC, Supreme Court of the State of Washington

2016-2017
People of the State of California Plaintiff v. James Joseph, et. Al. Contra Costa County Court

2016
People of the State of California Plaintiff v. Young Kyung Cho Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles

2016
People of the State of California Plaintiff v. Mixon-Givens Santa Clara County Court

SELECTION OF MEDIA

July 4, 2020
CBS News. Epstein's alleged accomplice Ghislaine Maxwell set to be arraigned next week.

January 23, 2020
Skift. Opening Closed Doors: Can Hotels Do More to Fight Human Trafficking?

August 9, 2019
ABC. This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Panel discussion on Jeffrey Epstein.

July 9, 2019
CBS News. Sex trafficking expert discusses Jeffrey Epstein case and sexual abuse.

May 10, 2019
Hollywood Reporter. Sex Trafficking mars the Mystique of Cannes Film Festival.

April 12, 2019
The Hill. Expert says it's 'very unlikely' Robert Kraft prostitution case would yield human trafficking convictions.

January 11, 2019
The Seattle Times. Documentary puts new attention on R. Kelly sex allegations.

August 22, 2018
The Crime Report. Backpage Founders: We're Victims of Attack on Free Speech.

EFTA00018640

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 10

May 5, 2018
Delaware Online. Human Trafficking Court shut down, to be merged with other treatment courts in Delaware.

May 1, 2018
Delaware Online. Despite good intentions, Delaware slow to address human trafficking.

April 24, 2018
ABC. Will new law protect women from sex trafficking?

April 23, 2018
The Ringer. How Sex Ads Became a Battleground for the Future of the Internet.

April 22, 2018
Miami Herald. He pimped a minor at Santa's Enchanted Forest. He got slapped with federal prison.

April 13, 2018
Yahoo Lifestyle. Women's March lambasted for criticizing shutdown of Backpage.com.

April 10, 2018
Miami Herald. Florida's sex industry 'in a panic' after feds shut down notorious Backpage website.

April 9, 2018
The Crime Report. With Backpage Closed, Where Will The Sex Slave Trade Go?

March 22, 2018
Washington Post. Bill enabling prosecutors, victims to pursue websites that host sex traffickers heads to White House.

March 2, 2018
Governing. 3 Cities Lead Fight Against Human Trafficking.

February 1, 2018
Vanity Fair. The Republican Party is Having Another Todd Akin Fiasco.

February 1, 2018
New York Magazine. Missouri GOP Senate Hopeful Goes Off the Deep End on the Sexual Revolution and Human Trafficking.

January 31, 2018
Kansas City Star. Josh Hawley blames sex trafficking on 'sexual revolution' of 1960s in leaked audio.

January 25, 2018
Homeland Security Today. Expert Delves Into Real Face of Human Trafficking: Victims and Perpetrators.

January 23, 2018
Huffington Post. Study Finds More Than 9,000 Brothels Masquerading As Legit Businesses.

January 11, 2018
International Business Times. Human trafficking: Why we are all guilty of supporting the modern slave trade.

January 8, 2018
Majority Report Radio. America's Slaves of the New Millennium with Dr. Kimberly Mehlman-Orozco.

December 21, 2017
Fast Company. Hotels Are Key In The Fight To End Human Trafficking.

EFTA00018641

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 11

December 12, 2017
WNPR. The Colin McEnroe Show. Child Labor In America And Abroad.

November 4, 2017
C-SPAN. Hidden in Plain Sight Book Talk.

September 22, 2017
Gray Media. Interview by Kyle Midura. Sex Trafficking Internet Crackdown Proposal.

August 8, 2017
i24 news. Interview for Stateside with David Shuster. Model allegedly kidnapped for dark web auction.

August 2, 2017
Newsy. Interview for “The Why” on human trafficking on the Internet.

July 30, 2017
Al Jazeera. Segment Produced by Ruairi Casey. World Day Against Human Trafficking.

July 25, 2017
Fox News Radio. Interviewed by Eben Brown. “Security America” segment on human smuggling deaths in San Antonio.

July 25, 2017
Dallas News. Interviewed by Sarah Mervosh. New trick of the sex trade: Pimps can use retail gift cards to buy Backpage.com ads.

July 24, 2017
WJLA. Interviewed by Stephen Loiaconi. Human smuggling deaths underscore need for immigration reform, experts say.

July 18, 2017
The Washington Post. Interviewed by Tom Jackman. Under attack, Backpage.com has its supporters as anti-trafficking tool. But many differ.

June 11, 2017
PJ Media. Interviewed by Karl Herchenroeder. Expert Notes Gap in Human-Trafficking Laws as Senators Press for Fund Renewal.

April 19, 2017
WYPR. Interviewed by Tom Hall. Misinformation Sparked #DCMissingGirls Outrage, But It Highlights Real And Overlooked Issues.

March 30, 2017
CBS. Interviewed by Jennifer Earl. Mom’s warning about “human trafficking” at IKEA goes viral; what you need to know.

March 29, 2017
Women’s Health. Interviewed by Korin Miller. This Mom Claims She Encountered Human Traffickers At IKEA And People Are Freaking Out.

February 10, 2017
Miami Herald. Interviewed by David Ovalle. Florida lawsuit targets website decried as hub for human trafficking.

February 3, 2017
Miami Herald. Interviewed by David Ovalle. The ‘adult’ section might be closed but Miami sex workers still on the job.

EFTA00018642

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 12

January 1, 2017
OutSmart Magazine. Interviewed by Dr. Laura McGuire on Human Trafficking. Hidden in Plain Sight: Researcher Dr. Mehlman-Orozco Discusses the Realities of Human Trafficking.

February 3, 2015
NBC. Interviewed by Tracy Connor. Shoe Bomber has ‘Tactical Regrets’ Over Failed American Airlines Plot.

January 19, 2015
CNN. Interviewed by Pam Brown. ‘Jihad Jane’ moved by ‘love’ and feminine ‘pride.’

August 15, 2013
USA Today, Interviewed by Yamiche Alcindor. Dozens of States Pass Laws to Fight Human Trafficking.

June 6, 2013
USA Today. Interviewed by Yamiche Alcindor. Blue Campaign by DHS aims to combat human trafficking.

August 12, 2012
Fox 5 News (DC/MD/VA). Television interview on in-state tuition report on Maryland. Interview by reporter Shawn Yancy.

May 18, 2011
Chronicle of Higher Education. Interviewed for an in-state tuition story by Katherine Mangan, “In-State Tuition for Illegal Immigrants Can Be a Plus for Both States and Students.”

March 24, 2011
NBC 10 (RI). Television interview on Latino population growth, “Digging Deeper: Hispanics on the Rise.”

February 18, 2011
The Yale Herald. Interviewed for a story on racial profiling against immigrants by police. Story by Lucas Iberico-Lozada, “East Haven Police Accused of Brutality, Racism.”

June 2, 2010
Style Weekly. Interviewed for a human trafficking story by Peter Galuszka, “The New Slavery: Virginia becomes haven for human trafficking.”

## OTHER PROFESSIONAL TRAINING

### Transportation Industry Against Human Trafficking
Fall 2020
Presentation
U.S. Department of Commerce

### “Freedom Together” D.C., M.D., and V.A. Regional Anti Human Trafficking Task Force Conference
Spring 2018
Conference
D.C., M.D., and V.A. Task Forces

### Virginia Forum on Human Trafficking
Fall 2015
Conference
Dept. of Criminal Justice Services

### Regional Conference of Human Trafficking Task Forces
Fall 2015
Conference
DMV Anti-Trafficking Working Group

### Maryland Freedom Conference
Winter 2015
Conference
Towson University

EFTA00018643

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 13

## Sharing Lessons, Sharing Responsibility: Combating Human Trafficking
Spring 2013 Conference
Migration Policy Institute

## Freedom Network Annual Conference
Spring 2013 Conference
Freedom Network

## Human Trafficking Panel Discussion
Spring 2013 Working Group
George Washington Law

## Analytic Statistics and Meta Analysis
Spring 2011 Paid Training
Stata

## Systematic Review and Meta Analysis
Spring 2009, Fall 2010 Independent Graduate Study
GMU

## PubMed, NLMGateway, ToxNet and ClinicalTrials.gov
Summer 2009 Search Certifications
National Library of Medicine

## Ovid, ProQuest, and Web searches
Summer 2009 Search Certifications
AHRQ

## Introduction to ArcGIS Workshops
Fall 2009-Summer 2010
George Mason University

## Hand Searching Systematic Review Workshop
Fall 2009 Search Certifications
Cochrane Collaboration

## AWARDS
Independent Publisher Award, 2019 Silver Medal for Current Events (Jihadi Next Door).
Independent Publisher Award, 2018 Bronze Medal for Social Issues/Humanitarian (Hidden in Plain Sight: America's Slaves of the New Millennium).
Dissertation Completion Award, 2012 George Mason University, College of Humanities and Social Sciences.
Deans Challenge, 2009 George Mason University, College of Humanities and Social Sciences.

## SERVICE
Reviewer Justice Quarterly, WI18-Present
Advisory Board Member Empower Her Network, FA17-Present
Survey Methodologist Advisor United Against Slavery, FA17-Present
Advisory Board Member Dressember (Anti-trafficking foundation), SP17-Present
Panel of Expert Witnesses Los Angeles Superior Court, WI17-Present

EFTA00018644

Curriculum Vitae- October 2020
Mehlman-Orozco 14

Member
Prince William County Human Trafficking Task Force, SU13-Present

Member
Prince George’s County Human Trafficking Task Force, SU12-Present

Reviewer
Journal of Human Trafficking, FA2014-Present

Member and Former President
Soroptimist International of Woodbridge, FA15-SP18

Reviewer
American Journal of Evaluation, FA2014-FA2015

Member
Prince George’s County Human Trafficking Task Force, SU13-2015

Reviewer
Columbia University Press, FA2013

President and Founding Officer
Student Center for Immigration Research, George Mason University, FA08 – FA10

Member
Criminology, Law &amp; Society Student Association, George Mason University, FA09 – WI12

Volunteer
Prince William County Jail, Classification Department, 500 hours, SP 2005

## PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP

- National Society for Collegiate Scholars
- Phi-Alpha Delta Pre-Law Fraternity
- Alpha Chi Honors Fraternity
- American Society of Criminology
- National Criminal Justice Honors Fraternity
- Alpha Phi Sigma Honors Society

EFTA00018645