EFTA00019603

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: wbtw
Date: Mon, 01 Jun 2020 22:39:59 +0000

Great. I was just on the phone w/ [redacted] about another case. Told him we could use another person and prefer [redacted]. He said he'll talk to [redacted] and let us know, so that seems like a good sign.

From: [redacted] &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, June 1, 2020 6:33 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt;
Subject: RE: wbtw

Definitely has bandwidth, he has been telling me he is looking for work.

From: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, June 1, 2020 6:29 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt;
Subject: Re: wbtw

Sounds good. Any sense of [redacted] bandwidth? If he's not very busy, could use that to pitch him to the chiefs.

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, June 1, 2020 6:18 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt; &gt;
Subject: RE: wbtw

Hey—

That sounds good to me, thanks. I think it makes sense to discuss our theory of the case, both on the wbtw scheme and on the possible PPE scam, just to make sure everyone is on the same page as we continue reviewing. In particular, now that [redacted] is openly taking a salary, we should discuss materiality—I don’t think those issues are prohibitive at all, but it might be helpful to make sure everyone is attuned to those issues as we review.

In terms of staffing, can we add [redacted]? I know he’d want to do it. Apologies that I haven’t been working on this case since we moved to remote work—I reviewed emails before we left the office, but haven’t continued since then. In terms of bandwidth, Epstein/Rikers stuff has been taking up my time, although I’m hopeful that will relent a bit over the summer (or that someone up the chain will get tired of reading memos?). More immediately, I should be able to dig into email review probably starting next weekish. Regardless, don’t be shy about passing things off to me if you think of things we should be doing that I’m not spotting.

From: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, June 1, 2020 5:01 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; &lt; [redacted] &gt; &gt;
Subject: wbtw

hey - thought it made sense to check in before our call tomorrow. in terms of current status, i think we continue to review the email returns, schedule the new financials and dig in on this covid scheme that is doing, and probably do another warrant (either a refresh or some new accounts). is going to assign a GCer to do priv review, and I'm continuing to hassle . about the iCloud returns. What's your bandwidth like? I know you're probably busy with Epstein and Rikers stuff. We're getting close to doing a superseder in the Ukrainians case, but then I'm pretty free until my currently scheduled trial in September (which I bet gets moved, but who knows). I think it may make sense to add a third person to assist with email review and pushing this closer to charging. There are some people in our unit who are slow, and/or GC is actually pretty slow except for compassionate release. On the other hand, fine to wait on this if you think we should. Let me know.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel:
Cell:

EFTA00019604