From: Y
To: Y

Subject: FW: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF

Date: Tue, 09 Jun 2020 03:51:05 +0000

Importance: High

Attachments: 6_8_20_Ltr_re_Jane_Doe_Touhy_request.pdf

Hi all,

Will you be able to gather the responsive documents for Glassman's request, as with the request from Kaplan? Except for Item 8, this request seems fairly contained—and they have expressly cabined their request to not seek documents that would interfere with ongoing proceedings. Please let me know if we need to discuss. Otherwise, I'll draft a letter once we have the docs gathered (happy to do redactions again if helpful).

Thanks,

From: Robert Glassman
Sent: Monday, June 8, 2020 3:08 PM
To:
Cc: ; Nathan Werksman ; Keilah
Betts
Subject: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF
Importance: High

Dear Mr.

Please see the attached letter of today's date. A copy will also be sent via Fedex. Thank you.

Robert Glassman

Robert Glassman, Esq.
Panish Shea &amp; Boyle LLP

Email:
Web: www.psblaw.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:

This e-mail may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail or telephone, and delete all copies of this message.

If you are a potential client, the information you disclose to us by email will be kept in strict confidence and will be protected to the full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea &amp; Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you have signed a retainer agreement with the firm. Until that time, you are responsible for any statutes of limitations or other deadlines for your case or potential case.

EFTA00020088

EFTA00020089