EFTA00018962

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 13:29:40 +0000

Okay, thanks. Keep us posted.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 9:24 AM, &gt; wrote:

I spoke with him, and he wasn't able to provide me with any additional information beyond what we knew. He said he was on his way to MCC to learn more and would call me with updates throughout the day.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 9:22 AM, &gt; wrote:

Can you give one of us a call when you get off with ? Thanks

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 8:45 AM, &gt; wrote:

FYI. This is all the information I have—trying to find out more. Will keep you updated.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: August 10, 2019 at 8:17:53 AM EDT
To:
Subject: FW: Automatic reply: Epstein update

BOP just provided another update- Epstein has passed. I have no additional info. I will push out updates as we receive.

From
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:52 AM
To:
Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update

FYI:

The BOP just informed us that Epstein is being taken by ambulance to the hospital from another apparent suicide attempt- no other information was provided.

They will update us as more info becomes available.

On Aug 10, 2019, at 7:26 AM, _______________ wrote:

I will be out of the office on vacation until Monday, August 12th. Although I will have access to email during my absence, my responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA _______________ at _______________ or _______________

EFTA00018963