EFTA00018757

From: "________________")" &lt;________________&gt;,
To: "________________)" &lt;________________&gt;, "(USANYS)"&lt;________________&gt;,
Ce: "________________)" &lt;________________&gt;
Subject: Memo to File re Efforts to Identify _________________________ Interviews during Florida Investigation
Date: Wed, 29 Sep 2021 22:24:08 +0000

Team,

As discussed, below is a summary of the efforts we have taken to learn how many times _________________________ was interviewed during the Florida investigation and to gather any record of such interview(s):

- AUSAs reviewed scans of full Florida FBI file on Relativity. From that review, we identified handwritten notes and 302 reflecting a single interview occurring on or about August 7, 2007 with Florida FBI agents.
- AUSAs and paralegals reviewed scans of full SDFL file on Relativity. From that review, we identified no record of any additional interviews with _________________________.
- AUSAs conducted a keyword search of AUSA _________________________ email inbox, which included the search terms "Jane Doe," _________________________," and "________________". From that review, we identified no record of any additional interviews with _________________________.
- AUSAs asked _________________________ how many times she recalled being interviewed by the FBI in Florida. _________________________ indicated that she could not recall whether she met with the Florida agents once or twice. AUSA _________________________ took notes memorializing that statement.
- AUSAs asked SA _________________________ how many times she recalled interviewing _________________________. _________________________ could not recall specifically whether _________________________ was interviewed any additional times after the August 7, 2007 interview. _________________________ indicated that follow-up interviews may not have been documented unless a witness made a new or different statement during the interview(s). AUSAs _________________________ took notes memorializing that statement.
- AUSA _________________________ emailed her contact who had facilitated SDNY's review of the SDFL Epstein file to ask whether SDFL is aware of any additional interviews conducted with _________________________. AUSA _________________________ has not yet heard back.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007