From USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; &gt;
To: &lt; (USANYS)" &lt; , " )"
Cc: &lt; (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt; &gt;, " )

Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - discovery production
Date: Mon, 04 Oct 2021 15:45:28 +0000
Attachments: 2021.10.04_MDC_-_Maxwell_MAIN.docx; 2021.10.04_MDC_-_Maxwell_PASSWORD.docx

The production has been shared with them on USAfx and the disc is ready to get sent out to MDC. Can you please confirm the attached cover letters are good to go?

From: USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, October 4, 2021 11:33 AM
To: Christian Everdell &lt; Mark S. Cohen &gt; Bobbi Sternheim
Cc: Laura Menninger &lt; ; Jeff Pagliuca &lt; &gt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; |USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; &gt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt;

Counsel,

We have an additional discovery production ready to send to you today. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. The production will be made via USAfx.

We will send a CD with the new production to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell. If you would prefer that she receive the production on a drive, we can either request that the MDC send us one of the drives back to load with the production, or we can load a new drive if you would like to provide us with one.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00018837