From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;, "

Subject: Re: Cooperator info re Epstein

Date: Sat, 24 Aug 2019 18:54:01 +0000

He did, but [REDACTED] is the one who spoke directly with him, so he can give you the most detail. (I took [REDACTED] off this, so he doesn't respond with the substance and create needless 3500.) The most significant takeaway I recall from [REDACTED] summary was that "[REDACTED]" said he gave Epstein the sheets he used. But again, this is second-hand, and [REDACTED] has his own issues we can discuss separately.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 24, 2019, at 2:38 PM, " (USANYS) &lt; " wrote:

Thanks. Did he provide more substance beyond he heard information relating to Epstein? If so, let's talk Monday.

From: " (USANYS) &lt; "

Sent: Saturday, August 24, 2019 1:52 AM

To: " (USANYS) &lt; "

Cc: "(USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &lt;, "

Subject: Re: Cooperator info re Epstein

Let me know if you want to meet with [REDACTED], and we haven't yet decided whether to extend him a cooperation agreement.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 23, 2019, at 6:12 PM, " (USANYS) &lt; " wrote:

Hi [REDACTED] and [REDACTED].

I just spoke with [REDACTED], who got a call from an aspiring cooperator at MCC named [REDACTED]. [REDACTED] reported that another MCC inmate known as "[REDACTED]"—gave him information relating to Epstein. For several months, [REDACTED] has been desperately trying to figure out how he can cooperate, often relying on second- and third-hand information that's not actionable unless another inmate also cooperates. We can also talk in person next week about the relative quality of his information.

I leave it to you guys to follow up with [REDACTED] as you see fit. I'm sure someone on this email can make [REDACTED] available to you, if you want, once you get a sense of what he's about. I just don't want to unilaterally sit on this.

Have a nice weekend!

EFTA00018857

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFT A00018858