From: "Jo" &lt;O=FBI/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AGCJPRYO&gt;

To: "Adele Thonn" <athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com>

Subject: RE: Conference Information

Date: Fri, 15 Apr 2011 17:19:56 +0000

Importance: Normal

Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Ms. Thonn,

Thank you for the information below on the hotels. I realize records from 12 or 13 years ago may be difficult to track down. I appreciate you checking into to this.

I have two other quick questions, if you wouldn't mind.

Is your conference always held the same time of year? I see this year it's in late October. Also, what hotels did the conference use in 2001?

Thank you again and have a good weekend,

SA

FBI Miami Division

505 Flagler Dr. Ste. 500

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

(561) 833-7517

(561) 650-6951 fax

From: Adele Thonn [mailto:athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com]

Sent: Friday, April 15, 2011 11:27 AM

To: [REDACTED] Jo

Subject: Re: Conference Information

Good morning, Ms. [REDACTED]. For the moment I can verify for you which hotel was utilized for the Conferences listed below. Regarding these two individuals participating, however, I'll have to get back with you. We've transitioned through several computer databases since then and all of our paper records were destroyed at our storage facility several years ago. I'll do some checking and get back with you hopefully early next week.

1998: Event located at Hyatt Regency, New Orleans; also used Windsor Court for sleeping rooms
1999: Event and sleeping rooms at Hyatt Regency, New Orleans
2000: Event located at Sheraton New Orleans; also used Windsor Court for sleeping rooms

On Apr 14, 2011, at 3:00 PM, [REDACTED] Jo wrote:

Good afternoon,

After calling 1-800-648-8411 for general conference information, the young lady there suggested that I email you as the conference coordinator.

I am a special agent with the Miami Division/West Palm Beach Office of the FBI. The phone number below, 561-833-7517, is the main office number in West Palm Beach, and Miami's office number is 305-944-9101. (The switchboard operators at either number can verify my identity.)

EFTA00019163</athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com>

I am trying to locate the financial and/or investment conference that two individuals attended in New Orleans between approximately 1998-2000 and what hotels your conference would have used during those time periods. I believe your conference may be the one I am looking for.

I am trying to determine if the following two individuals attended the New Orleans Investment Conference between 1998-2000;

1. Jeffrey Epstein
2. [Redacted]

Any information or assistance you could provide would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you,

SA [Redacted]

FBI Miami Division
505 Flagler Dr. Ste. 500
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
(561) 833-7517
(561) 650-6951 fax

Adele A. Thonn
Conference Director
Jefferson Financial, Inc.
111 Veterans Boulevard, Suite 1555
Metairie, LA 70005
Direct Phone: (504) 832-3278
Main Phone: (504) 837-3033
Fax: (504) 837-4885
E-mail: athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com
Conference website: www.neworleansconference.com

[Redacted]
Find us on
Facebook

Click here for New Orleans Investment Conference Facebook Page

EFTA00019164