EFTA00019017

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: RE: Epstein victim call
Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 18:22:27 +0000

Thanks for letting us know. I just pinged the agents for a third time about this.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 2:14 PM
To: ___________________________________________________________; ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Epstein victim call

Hey sorry but can you guys have an agent reach out to her? She called me again this morning. I'm trying to avoid having her bother any of you directly but she's very insistent about having information. Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 10, 2021, at 14:12, ___________________________________________________________ wrote:

Just FYI, got another call from Ms. _________________ this afternoon, looking for a follow-up. We did not discuss anything substantive, and I said I would pass along that she had called.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, February 25, 2021 12:46
To: ___________________________________________________________; ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Epstein victim call

Team, I just received a call on my desk line from a woman named _________________, who identified herself as a former client of _________________ and said she was a former victim of Jeffrey Epstein. I asked if her attorney had been in touch with either the prosecutors or the case agents, since we had previously contacted him, and she said she believed he had not been. She said she had been in touch with an NYPD detective but had not heard back in some time. She said _________________ represented her for purposes of the Victim Fund, but was not currently representing her. She provided her cell phone as _________________. She did not provide any substantive information on the call, and I did not ask for any. I advised that someone would follow up with her, hopefully in the next week or so. The call lasted less than three minutes.

For context, we were in touch with Mr. _________________ several times in 2020 when he claimed to represent at least nine Epstein victims, all of which he said were unwilling to speak with us. He subsequently said one victim might be willing to speak with us, but then stopped responding to our requests for the complaints he had purportedly filed (but which we couldn't find online). I believe the last communication we had with him was the attached.

thanks,
_________________________.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00019018