December 9, 2009

MEMO TO FILE

RE:

On December 4, 2009, deposition of [REDACTED] was taken. [REDACTED] took the deposition, and [REDACTED] also attended. [REDACTED] attended on behalf of [REDACTED].

[REDACTED] was the videographer.

[REDACTED] said she met with the state attorney one time. She said in that meeting, the victims advocate was there, which was a black lady. A man and a woman, she thought was from the state attorney’s office, but she couldn’t tell if they were from the state or federal government, and a lady from the FBI, who was white.

She did not have a lawyer or anyone there on her behalf.

She also met with somebody from the FBI that came to her house, which was the trailer.

This occurred at [REDACTED], and her brother and mother and [REDACTED] were there. The FBI people that came were a man and a woman.

They tape recorded her second meeting.

She said she felt Dr. [REDACTED] was an idiot.

She said [REDACTED] has seen her since she was 13.

Dr. [REDACTED] also saw her.

[REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]

She went to court with a public defender. She did argue with [REDACTED]. It was upsetting to her.

She saw Dr. [REDACTED] in Orlando and met Dr. [REDACTED] through her attorneys. She does not trust men over 40.

[REDACTED]

EFTA00019609

She said she’s been a waitress and a people person.

She went out many times. Paid by the hour. She was paid in cash by the person she was escorting. She did not know how much was negotiated ahead of time, but this was done by the owner. She then gave the money to the driver and got her cut. She never filed taxes, and she used the stage name of . She has no records of when she went there. she was also paid cash and has no records.

She went to dinner, dancing, and events with these people. She did enjoy her time out, but she would not do any sexual acts.

She’s had ecstasy and crystal meth. She does do oxycodin.

Dr. prescribed them to her in She hasn’t seen him in over a year. She started seeing him after

She still has neck and back pain. She has hypodermic needles, which she said she got from a pharmacy. She would take the roxy as a pill and then shoot them up.

She has snorted heroin one time, and she also shot up cocaine probably at 18. She first started using cocaine after Epstein.

Epstein never told her to take drugs, but she used the money he gave her to buy drugs. Epstein knew she took drugs. She would go to the bathroom and take the drugs. She did cocaine powder. She never got alcohol from him and never had intercourse with Epstein.

What she would do is while he

She was She doesn’t know by who.

brought her originally, and she stated that has now disappeared.

Epstein did call her on at least 2 occasions when she talked to him.

Otherwise, or one of the other employees would call her to set up the appointment.

Epstein called her and gave her concert tickets and also lingerie.

She called Epstein probably more than 4 times. She talked to or Maxwell and also a cook.

EFTA00019610

The last time she saw him was sometime in August of 2003, and she first saw him in May of 2002.

She said Epstein gave her a book called Massage for Dummies.

He said he would pay for massage school for her. She decided to go. She did tell him she was going to be 14.

She was paid twice $200 and after that $300. She enjoyed getting the money.

The first time she was there, she was asked to take off her shirt. She told him she did not want to, but he told her he would give her extra money.

The second time she was in her bra and underwear and was asked to get naked several times.

On the third time, she took off her bra, and Epstein told her she didn't need to be naked.

was a friend of guy friend, who was . ask her to go that same day, and they went the same day to see Epstein. Epstein gave her his phone number, and she went for several months before she brought anyone else with her. She did have another girl perform on her.

She said she was a very pretty girl. She never saw her before. Epstein went in the shower. Told her to get naked. She said she did when she was 12, who was . They met in school. They had a sexual and friendship relationship. She did have a video make with her boyfriend. She did not do any photos other than with Epstein. When Epstein took the pictures, it was with a digital camera, and she said it was a large camera and also a smaller one. took the pictures, and they were done all through the house. She was totally nude. The video she did was with , and they used a condom.

She brought and with to Epstein.

Epstein asked her to bring young girls, and she told that Epstein would

She never felt she was in danger.

She went to Georgia to live with father and aunt and uncle.

She did not use crack in 2003 while sh

EFTA00019611

She started doing drugs again in about January of 2005.

She had secrets she kept from [redacted] about Epstein, and she kept telling [redacted] she was just cleaning house there. She feels that once she told [redacted] what was really happening, that was one of the reasons they broke up.

The problem now is she does not like older men and does not trust them.

They questioned her extensively regarding her escort services. She confirmed that they were men of various ages, and it was more than 25, but less than 50 people that she went out with.

The one thing she told them is that they could not do crack, and she would not have sex with them.

All the men were older than her. She felt she never needed any mental treatment as a result of the escort service.

She did not work in topless bars, except one night when she went as a stripper. She did it for 3 hours. [redacted] It was after she had met with Epstein, and she left as she felt degraded.

She did not have normal sex with [redacted] after Epstein. She did not have sex 2 times a day after Epstein, but did have it before Epstein. She would have sex once or twice a week after being with Epstein.

She also felt she did not have sex with [redacted] as often as he wanted.

She felt she never complained to her mom about [redacted].

[redacted] is with [redacted], and she has signed her rights away. She sees [redacted] once a month when her grandmother brings her to Florida.

[redacted] did slap her in a restaurant.

[redacted] did hold a gun to her head.

[redacted] was dating [redacted] while she was seeing Epstein. [redacted] apologized that she had seen [redacted], but after that, she was never friends with [redacted] again.

She had [redacted] checks with [redacted].

EFTA00019612

Dr. said that had held a gun to her head for an hour. She said it wasn't for an hour. That they were simply out there for an hour. also held her head under a canal in West Palm Beach.

She did tell Epstein about the drowning incident, and he told her she needs to leave .

is now in jail, because he beat up the

Allegedly had told Epstein that she and her mom had sexual flings together. When they were talking about it, she left the room.

She did not share her $100 with , but she did share it with when she got it for bringing her in.

The first time came, they both

At 18, she did try crack with some friends, but she does not know who provided it.

She feels she lost her boyfriend due to Epstein, and that had been very upset since he found what was going on.

She never told her mother that she used crack.

She first used Ecstasy after being with Epstein.

She thinks there might be an as she felt she was 14 when she first saw Epstein, not 15.

She used heroin when she was 21 at house when someone provided it to her. told her to do it, and she did, but she did not want to. She used crystal meth when she was 18 first, and it was given to her by someone. She did it, because she thought it was something new.

She has been detoxed at least 2 times. The first time was in 2009 in her living room and went to CARP the second time in 2009. Both times, it was from roxys. She said she went on to roxys because of back pain.

She went through the  $7^{\text{th}}$  grade, and she believes she attended . In  $8^{\text{th}}$  grade, she was told she was too sexually developed and was asked to leave. As she was now 16, she didn't have to stay in school so she was not truant.

Spent most of her time watching TV.

She did throw a knife at her brother when he allegedly tried to kill her cat.

She really didn't have much information about he

EFTA00019613

The deposition ended at 5:00 PM.

EFTA00019614