From: "Jo"  &lt;O=FBI/OU=EXCHANGE ADMINISTRATIVE GROUP (FYDIBOHF23SPDLT)/CN=RECIPIENTS/CN=AGCJPRYO&gt;

To: "Adele Thonn" <athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com>

Subject: RE: Conference Information

Date: Wed, 20 Apr 2011 15:21:50 +0000

Importance: Normal

Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Adele,

Thanks again for looking through your records and helping with this.

After finding information about your conference online, it seemed to be the type of event/conference that I was looking for, but I knew that it could be a shot in the dark.

The convention and visitors bureau will be my next call.

Thank you again.

Regards,

SA

FBI Miami Division

505 Flagler Dr. Ste. 500

West Palm Beach, FL 33401

(561) 833-7517

(561) 650-6951 fax

From: Adele Thonn [mailto:athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com]

Sent: Wednesday, April 20, 2011 11:16 AM

To: [REDACTED] Jo

Subject: Re: Conference Information

Good morning, [REDACTED]. I wanted to follow-up with you to let you know that we have not been able to find any information on the two individuals below.

I will tell you that the convention business in New Orleans is very busy. Our event is held here every year, but is very small in comparison to many other meetings and conventions that are held here on a non-regular basis. If there's a possibility that they could have attended another event that was in the city, you may want to contact the New Orleans Convention &amp; Visitors Bureau (www.neworleanscvb.com) to see what other events may have occurred during that time. I do not know how far their records go back, but having worked in hotels in the city, I know that they publish lists to its members of meetings taking place in the city.

Sorry we couldn't be of more help.

Adele

On Apr 14, 2011, at 3:00 PM, [REDACTED] Jo wrote:

EFTA00019165</athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com>

Good afternoon,

After calling 1-800-648-8411 for general conference information, the young lady there suggested that I email you as the conference coordinator.

I am a special agent with the Miami Division/West Palm Beach Office of the FBI. The phone number below, 561-833-7517, is the main office number in West Palm Beach, and Miami's office number is 305-944-9101. (The switchboard operators at either number can verify my identity.)

I am trying to locate the financial and /or investment conference that two individuals attended in New Orleans between approximately 1998-2000 and what hotels your conference would have used during those time periods. I believe your conference may be the one I am looking for.

I am trying to determine if the following two individuals attended the New Orleans Investment Conference between 1998-2000;

1. Jeffrey Epstein
2. [Redacted]

Any information or assistance you could provide would be greatly appreciated.

Thank you,

SA [Redacted]
FBI Miami Division
505 Flagler Dr. Ste. 500
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
(561) 833-7517
(561) 650-6951 fax

Adele A. Thonn
Conference Director
Jefferson Financial, Inc.
111 Veterans Boulevard, Suite 1555
Metairie, LA 70005
Direct Phone: (504) 832-3278
Main Phone: (504) 837-3033
Fax: (504) 837-4885
E-mail: athonn@jeffersoncompanies.com
Conference website: www.neworleansconference.com

[Redacted]
Find us on
Facebook

Click here for New Orleans Investment Conference Facebook Page

EFTA00019166