From: "________________")" &lt;________________&gt;
To: "Besselsen, Daniel" &lt;________________&gt;
Cc: "________________")" &lt;________________&gt;, "________________")" &lt;________________&gt;, "________________" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;________________&gt;
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] Re: travel
Date: Fri, 19 Nov 2021 15:19:59 +0000

Hi Dan,

Thanks a lot for sending us these. We don't need the other applications for the student in GX 742, but thank you for offering.

Thanks again, and have a nice weekend,

From: Besselsen, Daniel &lt;________________&gt;
Sent: Thursday, November 18, 2021 11:49 AM
To: _________________) &lt;________________&gt;
Cc: _________________) &lt;________________&gt;, _________________) &lt;________________&gt;, _________________) (NY) (FBI)
&lt;________________&gt;; Daniel Besselsen &lt;________________&gt;
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: travel

Hi _________________

See attached as requested for GX 742 and 743. I included all the pages in the attachments, those pages that you had previously and the few new pages. I also included a current picture of the "Epstein Scholarship Lodge" on our campus which was renamed "Green Lake Lodge".

Per my previous email, if you are also interested in the summer Camp 1997 application and highschool school year 1999-2000 application for the student in GX 742 just let me know and I can get those to you too.

Let me know if you have any follow up questions, thanks.

Dan Besselsen, CPA
Assistant Vice President of Finance
Interlochen Center for the Arts
_________________________
W: interlochen.org

Arts Camp | Arts Academy | College of Creative Arts | Presents | Public Radio

On Wed, Nov 17, 2021 at 7:25 PM _________________ &lt;________________&gt; wrote:
Hi Dan,

Following up on our conversation, we would appreciate it if you would send us the rest of the admissions file for the students in GX 742 and 743. No need to send us the rest of the materials in GX 741.

Thanks again,

EFTA00019438

From: Besselsen, Daniel &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, November 11, 2021 5:18 PM
To: &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; (NY) (FBI)
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: travel

Hi

Yes, certainly. See below:

Thanks.

Dan Besselsen, CPA
Assistant Vice President of Finance
Interlochen Center for the Arts

W: interlochen.org

Arts Camp | Arts Academy | College of Creative Arts | Presents | Public Radio

On Thu, Nov 11, 2021 at 2:52 PM &lt;&gt; wrote:

Hi Dan,

Thanks very much for speaking with us today. Could you please send me the following information for your travel? I'll pass this along to our witness coordinator, who will be in touch with you to make arrangements.

- Name as it appears on the government ID you'll be using to travel
- Date of birth
- Home address
- Phone number

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00019439