From: _____________________________
To: _____________________________
Cc: _____________________________
(USANYS)

Subject: Re: next steps
Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2018 21:24:28 +0000
Attachments: 301_e_66_street_DAS_search.pdf; whatsapp_search_212.533.3739.png

Attached is the negative results for whatsapp search of phone number _____________________________

Additionally I've attached a DAS search for 301 E 66 Street which contains over 2000 records. Be mindful that this is a 13 story apartment building so many of these results may be irrelevant. If we have a particular name or apartment number I can do another search for that.

Detective _____________________________
NYPD / FBI
Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
Office: _____________________________
Cell: _____________________________
Fax: _____________________________

From: _____________________________
Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2018 12:35:46 PM
To: _____________________________
Cc: _____________________________
(USANYS)

Subject: next steps

Team,

Hope you're recovering well from yesterday! Whenever you have a moment, we were wondering if you could take a look at the following:

Could you please send us provider information for the phone number listed in the SORNA registration? Looks like the relevant number is _____________________________.

For the _________ number, could you please run that through WhatsApp, and take screen shots of any account that pops up associated with that number?

In addition, could you please run database searches on 301 E. 66th Street? This is the address for a property that appears to be owned at least in part by Epstein, and where models for Mc2 may have been provided housing.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney

EFTA00019513

Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00019514