From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: JE
Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2019 00:49:59 +0000
Importance: Normal

[Redacted] just called - FBI reached out to NYPD leadership already and they were told that SVU has been directed to stand down and that all Epstein stuff needs to go to and through us. DANY could still try to go forward with their own investigators, so I think it is worth a call over.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Jul 10, 2019, at 8:47 PM, [Redacted] wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Also, as [Redacted] has pointed out, DANY is presumably working with NYPD. But NYPD through the task force is working with us, and even stood up to announce the charges with us. So we may also want to conduct outreach that way.
&gt;
&gt; Sent from my iPhone
&gt;
&gt;&gt; On Jul 10, 2019, at 8:25 PM, [Redacted] wrote:
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Sorry — interviews lined up for Friday, not tomorrow.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Here’s another fire: DANY is proceeding with their investigation and already reached out to nbc news victim to arrange an interview. I’m not sure what the point is given both their double jeopardy and SOL issues. Let’s discuss outreach to them.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; On Jul 10, 2019, at 8:18 PM, [Redacted] wrote:
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; This is fine with me if they can be nimble. For example, the agents and [Redacted] are in Florida as we speak. Agents are doing approaches and interviews lined up for tomorrow — we cannot let the bureaucracy stand in the way, have to delay things etc. I suppose we go with it for now and see if that becomes a concern.
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone
&gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Jul 10, 2019, at 8:10 PM, Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) [Redacted] wrote:
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I spoke to Sweeney. We will be going forward with the compromise. CFI in the room but interview conducted by AUSA and agent. There will be a strategy session with CFI before each interview and any suggestions from CFI will be incorporated by us in the interview to the extent we can. If CFI feels they have to interject during the interview they can or they may talk to us outside of the room. We, of course, will be solicitous of CFI. They are the experts. Does this work for everyone? Geoff

EFTA00018169