From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " )" &lt;&gt;, " )" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: Epstein Probate
Date: Sun, 08 Dec 2019 15:37:13 +0000
Attachments: 11.14.2019.001_Expedited_Motion_for_the_Establishment_of_Voluntary_Claims.pdf; ATT00001.htm

See below. Did you guys connect with her after this on the sharing order? If not, let's set up a call tomorrow.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Date: December 2, 2019 at 3:17:15 PM EST
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Epstein Probate

Hi .

The U.S. Virgin Islands court has recently posted on its website the petition that was filed in the Epstein probate proceedings seeking establishment of a victim claims fund. The petition seeks "expedited approval" from the court to establish the fund, though no timeline is specified. (It is attached, if of interest.) If approved, estate assets would be used to pay for administering the fund, and deadlines would be set for victims to file their claims if they wish to participate.

There was over a week's delay between when the petition was filed with the court and when the court posted the petition on its public page for "cases of interest." That page is not an official case docket, though it has at least select filings from the probate case (though I cannot tell if all filings are being posted). It would obviously be preferable if we had contemporaneous access to a complete docket, but we haven't been able to find a way to access an online complete docket. We're inclined to call the Virgin Islands court to ask whether there's a way to access a full electronic docket, but we wanted to check whether you have concerns before we do so (we doubt we would need to identify ourselves). Let us know your thoughts.

Relatedly, what's the status of the 6(e) order?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
86 Chambers Street, 3rd Floor
New York, NY 10007
Tel.: [REDACTED]
Fax: [REDACTED]

EFTA00018903

EFTA00018904