From: Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com>
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;@usdoj.gov&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;@

Subject: Re: update
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2020 18:24:37 +0000

That's fine. We will still be a week out

Bruce A. Barket
Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco
666 Old Country Road (700)
Garden City, NY 11530
Barketepstein.com
(516) 287 7230

On Feb 25, 2020, at 1:20 PM, (USANYS) &lt;@usdoj.gov&gt; wrote:

Bruce,

We will be in a better position to answer your question tomorrow and will plan on getting back to you then. Hopefully, that does not cause too much of an inconvenience.

Thanks,
Margery

From: Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com>
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 1:20 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;@usa.doj.gov&gt;
Subject: update

Good afternoon,

I am writing because my trial which was supposed to begin today has been moved to March 3rd. I asked the Court (EDNY) for March 4th off so I would be able to attend the status conference for Mr. Tartaglione and I explained briefly that there was a Curcio issue. That application was denied.

So, I am wondering if you will be requesting more time to continue to review material and presumably get input from our firm. If so, then it may make sense to adjourn the conference. If you don't need more time, then I may make another request or ask Judge Karas to help. I don't think there is much else that will be done next week other than address the Curcio issue.

Thank you.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530

EFTA00018546</bbarket@barketepstein.com></bbarket@barketepstein.com>

(516) 745 1500 [P] (516) 745 1245 [F]
www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00018547