From:
To:

Subject: RE: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2019 16:10:26 +0000

You know sometimes it's hard to decide whether to read entirely through a lunatic email but in this case the signature block was quite the twist . . .

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 31, 2019 11:04
To:
Cc:
Subject: FW: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

From: Kelley Lynch
Sent: Thursday, October 31, 2019 2:34 AM
To:
Subject: Re: United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Correction:

For the record, I think Epstein's a criminal but he's DEAD so there's nothing LEFT to be said about his alleged crimes.

On Wed, Oct 30, 2019 at 11:31 PM Kelley Lynch &gt; wrote:

I didn't notice any email address for taxpayer inquiries so as yours is listed, I am contacting you.

I, of course, heard Dr. Baden's conclusions today. I have the utmost respect for Dr. Baden. Will your office address why the medical examiner is refusing to take a second look at this case and refuses to hand over DNA that is clearly material and critical? With the death of Epstein, the case itself no longer interests me and I have problems with the women involved - being a mother. However, I am interested in the horrendous conditions at MCC, a probable murder of a man your office refused to grant bail, and how you intend to handle the murder investigation.

For the record, I think Epstein's a criminal but he's death so there's nothing left to be said about his alleged crimes.

Thank you.

Kelley Lynch

EFTA00019687

Q: What's brown and looks really good on a lawyer?
A: A Doberman.

EFTA00019688