From: " " " " "
To: " " " " "

Subject: FW: quick update
Date: Tue, 28 May 2019 00:00:05 +0000
Importance: High
Embedded: RE:

---

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:54
To: [Redacted]; (NY) (FBI) [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted]; (NY) (FBI) [Redacted]
Subject: RE: quick update
Importance: High

I just spoke to Stan again – unfortunately it continues to be a game of telephone (literally and figuratively), but he says apparently [Redacted] has been at the beach which is why we (and they) haven’t been able to reach her. He says to keep trying her, that she has no problem talking with us it’s just an issue of logistics and getting in touch. He also confirmed we have her correct number.

He also provided a number for [Redacted], who they’ve spoken to and who is apparently willing to speak with us. If we could schedule her for this coming Wednesday (or Tuesday or Thursday) as well, that would be fantastic. She’s apparently expecting our call, and her number is: [Redacted].

[Redacted], with apologies for asking this while you’re off duty, could you please try them today, and over the weekend if you don’t connect with them immediately?

And separately, wanted to follow up on [Redacted] – it was just last week we got the green light to call her, but wanted to refresh that. The original email with her background info is attached, but her number is [Redacted]. I think she’s safe to call (in terms of keeping it confidential) and if we schedule her for the first or second week of June that would be great.

Thanks very much,
[Redacted].

---

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 12:29
To: [Redacted]; (NY) (FBI) [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted]; (NY) (FBI) [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Red ]

Subject: Re: quick update

Thanks for the update. As of yet we have not heard from [Redacted].

On May 24, 2019, at 12:24, [Redacted] [Redacted] wrote: [Redacted]

I just left voicemails for [Redacted] and [Redacted], but just to keep everybody in the loop – I just spoke to Sid Garcia’s office (he’s the attorney for [Redacted]), they said that [Redacted] can’t do Tuesday next week and Sid can’t do Thursday, so we’re still aiming for

EFTA00027768

sometime Wednesday and they're going to call me back this afternoon as soon as possible to finalize a time. I stressed that we have to finalize travel plans so the sooner the better.

I also spoke to Stan, who said that they'll try to reach out to [REDACTED] to ask her to call [REDACTED]. He also said that [REDACTED] is willing to talk with us, and he said they would give her [REDACTED] number but would also try to get us her number. With Stan also I stressed the time issue.

Will keep everybody posted as soon as I hear anything new.

thanks,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00027769