From: " " " " "
To: " " " " "
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 -- victims' rights re: bail hearing
Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2019 01:00:32 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

Yeah I saw, thanks – stupid copy / paste.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 20:58
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 -- victims' rights re: bail hearing

I think there was a typo in the second paragraph of your email cutting off the sentence.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 8:57 PM
To: [REDACTED] Conlon &lt;REDACTED&gt;; Roberta Kaplan &lt;REDACTED&gt;; Jenna Dabbs &lt;REDACTED&gt;; Alexandra Elenowitz-Hess &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 -- victims' rights re: bail hearing

Hi all,

As you may already know, pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights Act, specifically 18 U.S.C. 3771(a)(4), a crime victim has the right to be reasonably heard at certain public proceedings in the district court, including proceedings involving release. Accordingly, we wanted to be in touch consistent with our responsibilities and obligations—and your client's rights—under that statute, to see whether your client would like to be heard in any fashion, whether through a submission, a representation that we can include in our bail submission due Friday, or some other form. Of course no requirement or obligation, but we would be happy to discuss it if that would be useful.

To the extent this information is useful in your consideration, I can say that while I don't want to prejudge the

Would it make sense to set up a brief call sometime tomorrow, if any of you want to discuss? I should be able to make myself available whenever is convenient for you (and likely will be just me, as the remainder of the team will be traveling).

thank you,

[REDACTED]
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00028354