From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Re: Question re emails
Date: Sat, 10 Oct 2020 12:17:18 +0000

I agree.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 10, 2020, at 8:15 AM, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:

This seems right to me. First, this goes beyond what we said we would do or told the court we would do. Second, in any event they are separately gathering any potentially relevant emails from the agent with victims. Third, we have no reason to believe there were significant gaps in retention or collection for [REDACTED], such that any of his emails would be in what we already have.

Begin forwarded message:

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Date: October 9, 2020 at 9:05:09 PM EDT
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Question re emails

Chiefs,

Today, we spoke with SA [REDACTED], one of the original FBI agents from the Florida investigation of Epstein. [REDACTED] told us he has a number of emails with AUSA [REDACTED] regarding the case. Our view is that we do not need to collect those emails from [REDACTED] because we have already received thousands of [REDACTED] emails, which were collected by OPR and should encompass any emails with the FBI about the Epstein case. [REDACTED] is going to send us any emails he received from victims or witnesses. We also discussed other documents [REDACTED] has in his possession from the Epstein investigation and asked him to send us any that sounded potentially discoverable.

Please let us know if this approach sounds right to you or if you would like to discuss.

Thanks,

[REDACTED]

EFTA00029489