From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: FW: RE: search warrant application (USAVI)
Date: Tue, 06 Aug 2019 21:25:32 +0000

We’ve been in touch with the U.S. Attorney’s Office in USVI to coordinate the legal logistic on a search warrant, and they just sent the below information on possible coordination with Fish and Wildlife, so sending it to you FYI in case you want to reach out.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, August 06, 2019 17:12
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: RE: search warrant application (USAVI)

Good afternoon again

After discussing this matter with my USA Gretchen Shappert, I was asked to advise you that Fish and Wildlife recently conducted a flyover and close-in surveillance of the Great St. James islands, and can be of great assistance in the search of property. USA Shappert recommended that you contact Fish and Wildlife at:

SAC
Office of Law Enforcement
U.S. Fish &amp; Wildlife Service
Southeast Region
Atlanta, GA 30345

USA Shappert also advised that she was contacted by the NY Times regarding Epstein’s property, and has learned that they are sending a reporter down here next week.

Thanks,

EFTA00028444

From: [REDACTED] (USAVI)
Sent: Tuesday, August 6, 2019 4:14 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: RE: search warrant application (USAVI)

Good afternoon [REDACTED],

It was a pleasure to assist you. I am available to help in any way possible, so please do not hesitate to contact me for further assistance. I can be reached at [REDACTED].

Thanks,

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Tuesday, August 6, 2019 3:59 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: search warrant application (USAVI)

[REDACTED]

Following up on our phone conversation a few minutes ago, thank you again for speaking with me and explaining the search warrant process in your District. I understand we should plan to send you a copy of the affidavit (and any exhibits or other incorporated materials) and the Indictment, and you will let us know if there are any additional questions or follow-up on your end. I understand your magistrate judge will then review the application, and that she's available Monday through Friday (or weekends if necessary), and that if and when an application is approved it must be sworn before her in person.

Our hope is to be in touch with you in the coming days, with the possibility of the agents executing the search this weekend, but we will keep in touch about that. And so you have the full contact information for all of our team, my colleagues and I are reachable anytime at these email addresses or by phone at:

[REDACTED]

Please let me know if any other information would be useful at this stage, otherwise we'll expect to be in touch with you in the coming days.

thanks,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00028445