From: Jeffrey Epstein
To: Staley, Jes
Sent: 3/6/2011 12:44:18 AM
Subject: Re:

no., english papers have gone berserk., claiming fbi re opening investigation. not true., publishinga phonebook that is not mine, but was stolen by my houseman currently in prison for doing so

On Sat, Mar 5, 2011 at 4:43 PM, Staley, Jes &lt; &gt; wrote: The post?

From: Jeffrey Epstein
To: Staley, Jes
Sent: Sat Mar 05 19:41:53 2011
Subject:

more bad press. ignore it

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved

This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email.

***

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this

Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase
JPM-SDNY-00001504
EFTA00029437

communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to [redacted], and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved

Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase
JPM-SDNY-00001505
EFTA00029438