EFTA00029598

From:
Subject: Fwd: Availability tomorrow?
Date: Sat, 04 Sep 2021 01:40:44 +0000

Hey Guys,

Per the below FBI reached out to us about a threat being made by a woman who was denied status as an Epstein victim to the woman who oversees the victim compensation fund.

We’re going to handle in the normal fashion (threat assessment, locate the target, do an approach and warn her off) but wanted to flag for you given the Epstein connection.

Let me know if you want to discuss.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Subject: Re: Availability tomorrow?

Sorry for the delay.

[Redacted] is our victim and oversees the applications for the Epstein Victim Compensation Fund. [Redacted] is [Redacted].

The individual who has been making threats is Allison Huxtable.

Thank [Redacted]

Special Agent
FBI | New York Office
Violent Crimes Task Force [Redacted]

From:
Sent: Friday, September 3, 2021, 19:39
To:
Cc:
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Re: Availability tomorrow?

Just wanted to make sure you were sending the info we discussed.

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 2, 2021, at 9:18 PM, Mermelstein, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Sure, I'm generally around tomorrow.

From: <jprettsis@fbi.gov>
Sent: Thursday, September 2, 2021 9:01 PM
To:
Subject: Availability tomorrow?

Hi

Hope all is well. Do you have any availability tomorrow for a quick phone call? We want to make you aware of a case we opened today and an interview that will most likely happen tomorrow.

It's a threat/stalking case involving a denied claim from the Epstein Compensation Fund. We don't need anything right now just want to put it on your radar and get your opinion.

Thank you,

Special Agent
FBI | New York Office
Violent Crimes Task Force

EFTA00029599</jprettsis@fbi.gov>