EFTA00027350

From: Jack Scarola
To:
Cc:
(USANYS)"
, "Chris R. Rodgers"

Subject: Re:
Date: Thu, 28 Jan 2021 18:19:14 +0000

Thank you, [REDACTED]. This is very good news. You can count on us to provide whatever support may be reasonably necessary.

On Jan 28, 2021, at 1:16 PM, [REDACTED] wrote:

Jack,

I was just able to confer with our office's Victim-Witness Coordinator. She informed me that our office will be able to pay for [REDACTED] husband, and [REDACTED] three minor children to travel with her to New York for her testimony and then back to Florida. She also confirmed that our office will be able to pay for a hotel suite that is large enough to accommodate [REDACTED], her husband, and her children.

We will reach out to coordinate the logistics closer to the trial date. For now, the trial is scheduled to begin on July 12, 2021. I'll plan to reach back out in March or April to provide you with an update on timing and to potentially schedule a time for me to meet with [REDACTED] for trial prep.

As always, please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions or concerns.

Best,

From:
Sent: Thursday, January 28, 2021 1:06 PM
To: Jack Scarola
Cc: [REDACTED] ; [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Subject: RE:

Jack,

Thank you very much for letting us know. That's great to hear, and I completely understand [REDACTED] desire to have her family with her as support when she testifies. I will work with our Victim-Witness Coordinator and with the FBI's Victim Services folks to figure out what we can do about funding for [REDACTED] family to join her in New York. I'll get back to you as soon as I have information about those logistics.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

From: Jack Scarola
Sent: Wednesday, January 27, 2021 3:59 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: [REDACTED]

My apologies for not getting back to you following my meeting with yesterday, but it took until today to get a final response from .

She is willing to commit to testify but she definitely wants her husband and children with her when in NY for trial in July. While she does not presently have the ability to finance her family's travel at this time, she might be willing and able to set aside funds she might receive from the Epstein Victims' Compensation Fund to at least partially defray related expenses.

Please let us know what commitment the government is able to make in this regard.

I hope your trip home went smoothly.

On Jan 27, 2021, at 3:10 PM, [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

Hi Jack,

Any word from [redacted]? Apologies for pestering, but there are a number of steps we'll need to take in the near term if we are going to expand our case to include [redacted] testimony.

Thanks very much,

From: [redacted]

Sent: Monday, January 25, 2021 4:11 PM

To: Jack Scarola [redacted]

Cc: [redacted] [redacted] &gt; [redacted] (USANYS) [redacted]

Subject: RE: [redacted]

Thank you.

From: Jack Scarola [redacted]

Sent: Monday, January 25, 2021 4:10 PM

To: [redacted]

Cc: [redacted] [redacted] &gt; [redacted] (USANYS) [redacted]

Subject: Re: [redacted]

I am scheduled to conference with tomorrow afternoon and should have an answer for you then.

Sent from my iPad

On Jan 25, 2021, at 3:32 PM, [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

Jack,

It was a pleasure to see you in person last week. Thank you for being so accommodating and kind during my trip down to Florida.

I'm just checking in to see whether [redacted] has made a decision about whether she would be willing to testify at our trial. And, of course, I am happy to have a call to discuss or answer any questions if that would be useful.

Best,

[redacted]

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

New York, NY 1 [redacted]

12-637-2324

[redacted]

| Privileged and Confidential | Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be accessed by unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart &amp; Shipley, P.A. and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-

EFTA00027351

2521. The information contained in this E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420 and information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail or by telephone at [redacted] and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.

EFTA00027352