EFTA00028381

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;, " "

Subject: RE: updates
Date: Sat, 06 Jul 2019 22:00:04 +0000
Importance: Normal

Awesome, thanks! I'll loop you in if I get any calls from the search team. I spoke to the agents doing the approaches of Maxwell/R (our agents are doing the other approaches) today, so they should call us with updates tonight.

From: &gt;
Sent: Saturday, July 6, 2019 5:56 PM
To: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: FW: updates

I'm logged on remotely and available to write supplemental warrants if the FBI finds additional items that we want to seize. Also happy to help with anything else that may come up.

From: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Saturday, July 6, 2019 5:54 PM
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;
(US) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;

Subject: Re: updates

Epstein is in custody. Search warrants being executed now. Geoff

On Jul 6, 2019, at 12:44 PM, Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt; wrote:
&gt; tells me that he is confirmed on board. Wheels up. Geoff

On Jul 6, 2019, at 11:10 AM, &lt; wrote:
&gt; Good morning all—

asked me to pass along two quick updates. First, Judge Moses signed the search warrant this morning. Second, our case agent told us that FBI received a flight manifest from CBP last night. The passengers listed are Epstein and two pilots. Of course, that is subject to change, and I'm told that FBI will try to get confirmation of the passengers after the flight takes off.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
(212) 637-2225

EFTA00028382