EFT A00028699

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: Re: Epstein Guards/ OIG Report
Date: Fri, 21 May 2021 20:41:35 +0000

Thank you. Have a nice weekend.

On May 21, 2021, at 4:37 PM, ___________________________ wrote:

Hi _______________. OIG has no objections. Thanks.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, May 21, 2021 4:29 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: ______________________ (USANYS) &lt;_______________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein Guards/ OIG Report

Hi _______________.

Per our conversation just now, attached is a draft of the letter we intend to submit shortly. As you'll see in the first bullet point, we reference the DOJ-OIG review. We do not plan to make mention of a report, although if asked at a court conference whether there will be a report, we plan to say that we don't know, and that OIG's normal process is to prepare a report but we don't know whether it will be made public or not.

Please let us know if you have any objections to the language in the letter. Thanks again for the speedy response, we very much appreciate it.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, May 21, 2021 2:10 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________
Cc: ______________________ (USANYS) &lt;_______________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein Guards/ OIG Report

Thank you, _______________.

From: _____________________________________________________________
Sent: Friday, May 21, 2021 2:09 PM
To: _____________________________________________________________

Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) <br/>
Subject: RE: Epstein Guards/ OIG Report

[REDACTED], I'm following up internally and will get back to you, or have someone from OIG get back to you. Thanks.

From: [REDACTED] <br/>
Sent: Friday, May 21, 2021 1:46 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] <usanys> <br/>
Subject: Epstein Guards/ OIG Report

Hi [REDACTED],

We were hoping you could assist us with getting in touch with the OIG lawyer who is responsible for preparing the report on Epstein’s suicide. We have been trying to get in touch with [REDACTED], who was previously handling the investigation, but understand he may have left the office. The time sensitivity is that we plan to file a public letter by close of business today regarding reaching a deferred prosecution agreement with the two guards on duty that night who have been charged with falsifying records. The guards have agreed to sit for an interview with our office and DOJ-OIG, and we’d like to state in the letter that the interviews would occur as part of an ongoing OIG investigation that we expect would lead to a public report. However, we don’t want to make this representation unless DOJ-OIG is comfortable with it.

I’m happy to discuss by phone if convenient.

Thanks very much,

Chief, Public Corruption Unit
U.S. Attorney’s Office
Southern District of New York

EFTA00028700</usanys></usanys>