From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Prince Andrew

Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 14:42:01 +0000

Thanks very much. Have a wonderful holiday weekend!

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 5:24 AM

To: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;

Subject: Fwd: Prince Andrew

I'll probably get a complete round up of the U.K. news a little later. I think it more than a little weird that [REDACTED] reached out again right before this arrest. (I don't have [REDACTED] email on this system, so please forward to him and others.)

Hope you have a great 4th of July. I'll be back on EDT starting Tuesday morning.

Best,

[REDACTED]

US DOJ Attache - London

[REDACTED]

Subject: Prince Andrew

The Daily Mirror, Daily Telegraph, The Guardian, Daily Mail, Metro, and Daily Express all lead with articles on the arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell and the implications of this case for Prince Andrew. i and FT have smaller stories.

Daily Mail:

Prince Andrew is 'bewildered' over lack of response from US justice officials as he and Royal Family brace for new revelations after arrest of Jeffrey Epstein 'pimp' Maxwell

Ghislaine Maxwell, 58, arrested in US for allegedly helping to lure underage girls
Girls were allegedly abused by paedophile Jeffrey Epstein, who died last August
Arrest will now intensify calls for Andrew to be questioned over any involvement
Andrew has previously claimed he has offered three times to be a witness in case
But US prosecutors say he has declined their request to schedule an interview

Full story:

[https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8483875/Prince-Andrews-six-month-standoff-FBI-deepens.html]

Best,

EFTA00028760

EFTA00028761