From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Aircraft info

Date: Tue, 28 Jan 2020 17:04:47 +0000

Attachments: SIMPLE_FLIGHT_PLANS_N331JE_(2010-2020).xlsx; SIMPLE_FLIGHT_PLANS_N491GM_(2000-2009).xlsx; SIMPLE_FLIGHT_PLANS_N491GM_(2010-2020).xlsx; SIMPLE_FLIGHT_PLANS_N722JE_(2010-2014).xlsx; SIMPLE_FLIGHT_PLANS_N722JE_(2015-2020).xlsx

I am sending some of the Flight Plan information that you requested. This information pertains to the helicopters that we discussed, including N491GM (for which we are still uncertain on the exact dates of ownership.) I hope that there is some useful information in here. Hopefully, you have someone who is good with Excel. That's the best way to be able to analyze or quickly find the information you might be looking for.

I have included a few notes here to help you understand the information, but if you have questions, you can give me a call.

The first thing you are probably going to wonder about are the dates which are part of the Dept Time, Dest Time columns, but also system tracking dates (more easily understandable) all the way to the right. You'll eventually notice that the earliest information on this batch of information is from 2007. It was around that time that we started keeping these records.

The Airport Codes are the ICAO codes. The easiest way to figure out the departure and destination is to either google the airport identifier or use the list at this site: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICAO_airport_code

All airports in the continental US begin with the ICAO code K. So if you see a three letter code, it is likely in the US, and would be prefaced with "K" in the ICAO code. For example, BOS (Boston Logan International Airport is KBOS). JFK is KJFK. All times (DEPT TIME, DEST TIME, ETA) are in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC) which we use in aviation. The format in these columns is: CDDTTTT. "C" is an internal code, "DD" is the day, and "TTTT" is the time, UTC, in 24-hour format. DEPT DOM and DEST DOM reflect whether the Departure or Destination locations are Domestic. This should provide some context for the airport codes, but I left that in, since international flights should have (are required to file) eAPIS information, and these columns might make it easier for you to find those flights.

The FIX column isn't likely to be very helpful, but it refers to navigational fixes. It could provide additional clues to understanding where the flight went, but your best bet is to focus on the Dept and Dest. FIX has some very specific scenarios where it may be useful, but generally speaking it isn't worth a lot of time and energy, since the dept./dest. and times and dates are more relevant. The same is true with the ROUTE column.

The MSG TYPE corresponds to the following Codes:

ARR - Arrival
AM Amendment
CHG Change
CNL Cancel
DEP Departure
DFP Defense Flight Plan (DVFR)
DM Departure
FP Flight Plan
FPL Flight Plan
LCM Lockheed Message (normally that a callsign received a verbal briefing)
UZ Border crossing

Hopefully you will all be able to find some decent leads or solidify some of your timelines of interest based on the information provided.

V/r,

EFTA00027585

EFTA00027586

Special Agent

Law Enforcement Assistance Program (LEAP)

Federal Aviation Administration, AXE-810

From:

Sent: Tuesday, January 14, 2020 11:26 AM

To:

Cc:

Subject: RE: Aircraft info

Please call when you get this information.

I have attached Registration information for N331JE and N722JE. N722JE is the entire aircraft registration file. N331JE is just the section that appeared to contain all relevant information to your case. I can give you the entire file if you think there is more that might be applicable, and certified copies of the entire files can be obtained if they need to be used in court. In my experience, sending the entire aircraft registration file from the start usually is daunting for the investigators, and leads to tons of questions just trying to figure out what might be relevant. Sometimes aircraft files are 300 pages or more, and that can be frustrating when maybe only 20 were relevant to the SUBJECT.

I have also attached the LLC Documents for Hyperion Air LLC which is the registered owner for both N331JE and N722JE. I have attached the Airman File for the SUBJECT, which is encrypted due to PII. I will send the password in a follow-on e-mail. I looked at the medical file, but I believe the information contained therein has limited value to your investigation. I have created a separate encrypted document with only the information that may be helpful, so that you can evaluate potentially relevant information while maintaining medical privacy. If the information in the airman file or the document I created turns out to be critical evidence for your case, then certified copies of the airman and/or medical file can be obtained at a later date.

As I mentioned previously, I want to clarify some details regarding the helicopters. What I found appeared to be slightly different from what was included in the original e-mail to me below.

N722JE

nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2

Helicopter

Sikorsky S-76C

Aircraft Serial Number: 760750

Date Current Registration issued: 17 July 2019

Current Registered Owner: Hyperion Air LLC

Current Registration Signed By: Lawrence P. Visoski, Jr.

Aircraft Purchased from: ASI Wings LLC

Date of Purchase: 13 June 2019

Seller Signature: James D. Clark

Special Registration Number Issued on: Paperwork not properly submitted by requestor

Requested Special Registration Number: N162AE

Date Requested Special Registration Number: 16 September 2011 (one year authorization)

Bill of Sale: 18 July 2011

Aircraft Purchased by ASI Wings, LLC from: Freedom Air International, Inc

Aircraft Registered by: Freedom Air International, Inc

Registration of Aircraft on 02 August 2010 Signed By: Darren K. Indyke

Name Change To: Shmitka Air Inc

Name Change From: Air Ghislaine Inc

Date of Registered Owner Name Change: 11 February 2010

Requested Special Registration Number: N722JE

Special Registration Number Issued on: 10 March 2010

Date Requested Special Registration Number: 11 February 2010

Aircraft Registered by: Air Ghislaine, Inc.

Registration of Aircraft on 29 December 2008 Signed By: Larry Visoski

Aircraft Purchased from Sikorsky on: 30 December 2008
Aircraft Assigned Registration Number: N750A
N331JE
Helicopter
Bell 430
Aircraft Serial Number: 49078
Date Current Registration issued: 19 November 2019
Current Registered Owner: Hyperion Air, LLC
Current Registration Signed By: Lawrence Visoski
Aircraft Purchased from: Hyperion Air, Inc.
Date of Purchase: 12 August 2013
Seller Signature: Darren K. Indyke
Special Registration Number Placed on Aircraft: 25 June 2012
Requested Special Registration Number: N331JE
Special Registration Number Issued on: 04 June 2012
Date Requested Special Registration Number: 22 May 2012
Aircraft Purchased from: Bovale Developments, Inc.
Date of Purchase: 06 March 2012
Seller Signature: William P. Merriam Jr
Aircraft Registration Number: N901RL
N491GM
Helicopter
Bell 407
I have not yet been able to identify the serial number for N491GM which should lead to the registration documents. If you know who the aircraft was sold to, or what registration number it currently uses, I would be able to obtain those documents.
Finally, does this surname have any relevance to your case (potential pilot of one of the aircraft)? VAN HEURCK
V/r.
Law Enforcement Assistance Program (LEAP)
Federal Aviation Administration, AXE-810
From:
Sent: Friday, December 6, 2019 1:18 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Aircraft info
Hi
It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft information.
Below are the aircrafts we believe Maxwell has/had been using. The helicopter we know that she personally piloted, while the jets we know her to be a passenger. You'll notice some of the aircrafts will be associated with Jeffrey Epstein, as she traveled with him frequently. Any information you are able to provide would be helpful. If there is additional passenger manifests for each of these aircrafts we'd like to know that as well. I know we discussed that sometimes that's not available. As you can imagine, this case is high profile, so I appreciate any discretion you can make on your part.
Please let me know if I left something out that would be able to assist you in any way.
Thanks again,
Special Agent
FBI New York
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
EFTA00027587

From:
Sent: Friday, December 06, 2019 1:02 PM
To:
Subject: Aircraft info
Hello!
Below is the info for the helicopters and the private jet.
Name: Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell
- Certificate: Private Pilot
- Date of Issue: 10/2/2007
- Helicopter: Rotorcraft
o Sikorsky S-76C; nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2
- Likely Serial Number: 760750
o States certificate was issued on 7/17/2019

- Helicopter Info:
- Tail Number: N722JE
- Type: 2008 Keystone Helicopter S-76C
- Prior Registration: Freedom Air International Inc, 103 Folk Rd St 202 Wilmington, DE 19803
- Old Tail Number: N331JE
o Serial Number: 49078
o States certificate was issued on 9/6/2013

2nd Helicopter:
- Bell Jet Ranger
- Tail Number: N491GM
- Nicknamed: Air Ghislaine 1

Private Jet:
- Tail Number: N212JE
o Serial Number: 5173
o Type: GV SP (G550) Fixed Wing Multi Engine
o Certificate Issued: 3/31/2017
- Tail Number: N120JE
o Serial Number: 1085
o Type: G-IV Fixed Wing Multi Engine
o Certificate Issued: 5/30/2013
- Tail Number: N909JE
o Serial Number: 151
o Type: G1159B
o Certificate Issued: 11/18/2013
- Tail Number: N908JE
o Serial Number: 20115
o Type: Boeing 727-31
o Certificate Issued: 1/25/2001

Let me know if you need anything else,

EFTA00027588