From:
To:

Subject: RE: Maxwell info
Date: Thu, 16 Jul 2020 18:05:12 +0000

Thanks very much

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 13:41
To:

Subject: FW: Maxwell info

For you.

From: Parry, Emma <emma.parry@thesun.co.uk>
Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM
To:

Subject: Maxwell info

Hi

I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary.
I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible.
He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators.

https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/12091701/epstein-maxwell-people-sex-under-age-girls/

He has asked me to reach out to help facilitate this.
Can you help? Or advise on how I should proceed?

Thanks
Emma

Emma Parry
Digital US Correspondent, The Sun
646 544 6515
www.the-sun.com

-- "Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail"

This e-mail and any attachments are confidential, may be legally privileged and are the property of News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited on whose systems they were generated. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited is the holding company for the News UK group,

EFTA00028775</emma.parry@thesun.co.uk>

is registered in England &amp; Wales under number 81701, has its registered office at 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF and is registered with VAT number GB 243 8054 69. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not use, distribute, store or copy it in any way. Statements or opinions in this e-mail or any attachment are those of the author and are not necessarily agreed or authorised by News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited or any member of its group. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited may monitor outgoing or incoming emails as permitted by law. It accepts no liability for viruses introduced by this e-mail or attachments.

News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited and its titles are committed to abiding by IPSO's regulations and the Editors' Code of Practice that IPSO enforces.

EFTA00028776