From: Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
To: " )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Tue, 10 Dec 2019 16:51:52 +0000
Attachments: 2019.12.03_Letter_fr._B._Moskowitz_to_S._McCawley_Re_Estate_of_Jeffrey_E._Epstein.pdf

I assume you have this.

Roberta ("Robbie") Kaplan, Esq.
Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP
350 Fifth Avenue | Suite 7110
New York, New York 10118

From: Moskowitz, Bennet J. &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, December 3, 2019 9:36:45 PM
To: Andrew Villacastin &lt;&gt;; Sigrid McCawley &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;; Kate L. Doniger &lt;&gt;; Brad Edwards &lt;&gt;; Julie Fink &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;;
Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;; Sabina Mariella &lt;&gt;; Jordan Merson &lt;&gt;; Josh Schiller &lt;&gt;; Laura Starr &lt;&gt;; Mariann Wang &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein

Counsel:

Please see the attached letter.

Thank you,
Bennet

Bennet J. Moskowitz*
troutman sanders
Direct: &lt;&gt;
*Licensed to practice law in New York and Connecticut

From: Andrew Villacastin &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, November 22, 2019 4:15 PM
To: Moskowitz, Bennet J. &lt;&gt;; Sigrid McCawley &lt;&gt;; Brad Edwards &lt;&gt;; Julie Fink &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; Joba Mariella &lt;&gt;; Jordan Merson &lt;&gt;; Josh Schiller &lt;&gt;; Laura Starr &lt;&gt;

EFTA00027881

Mariann Wang &lt;&gt;
Subject: The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein

**EXTERNAL SENDER**

Counsel,

Please see attached.

Best,
Andrew

Andrew Villacastin
Associate

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
55 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
(t) [REDACTED]
www.bsflp.com

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

This e-mail message (and any attachments) from Troutman Sanders LLP may contain legally privileged and confidential information solely for the use of the intended recipient. If you received this message in error, please delete the message and notify the sender. Any unauthorized reading, distribution, copying, or other use of this message (and attachments) is strictly prohibited.

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00027882