From: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
Subject: Fwd: SDNY investigation / interview
Date: Tue, 21 May 2019 20:23:34 +0000
Importance: Normal

---

Just as a reminder, [redacted] is out Thursday/Friday.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Alex Conlon &lt;[redacted] &gt;
Date: May 21, 2019 at 4:07:12 PM EDT
To: _______________________________________________________________ &gt;
Cc: Alexandra Elenowitz-Hess &lt;[redacted] &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation / interview

Hi [redacted]

I just tried to reach you at your desk, but missed you.

[redacted] is available to meet this week at 4:30 at our office if that works for you. Also, she plans to make the phone calls we discussed today and tomorrow on her own. She will contact me once she has connected with two individuals she’s reaching out to and I will reach out to you in turn.

Happy to discuss anything, if that’s helpful.

Thanks,
Alex

Alex Conlon | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP
[redacted]

---

From: [redacted]
Sent: Tuesday, May 14, 2019 4:49 PM
To: Alex Conlon &lt;[redacted] &gt;
Cc: Alexandra Elenowitz-Hess &lt;[redacted] &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation / interview

Alex,

Just tried calling but missed you – wanted to briefly follow up on our conversation last week to let you know that we certainly don’t have any objection to someone from your firm (whether attorney or staff) taking notes in connection

EFTA00027773

with Ms. [REDACTED] conversations to tell the individuals we discussed that our office is interested in speaking with them. I expect we might request a copy of the notes, and, as discussed, whoever is with her would be a potential, theoretical witness, but no issue on our end with any of that.

Separately, if it's possible, could you please ask Ms. [REDACTED] if there is a time next week or the following that we could meet with her? We're hoping to cover all the information we need to in this first set of discussions before June, when I think it will be even more inconvenient for her to meet. I expect the next meeting will address difficult topics, including Giglio subjects and some review of Epstein's conduct with Ms. [REDACTED] in particular; but, I also expect that once we get through those issues, we won't need to meet with her again for at least a little while.

We can generally make ourselves available whenever works on her end, with some combination of our team (e.g., if it's the latter half of next week, will likely be me and our new team member [REDACTED], but let us know if there are any issues with that), and as always can work around her schedule. And happy to come to your office for the final push.

Don't hesitate to give a call if any other info would be helpful, or if any questions or issues, and thanks very much.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00027774