From: (USANYS)"
To: USANYS [Contractor] &lt;
Cc: USANYS [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: RE: Defense Rule 16 Disclosure
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 22:56:42 +0000
Attachments: 2021.11.08_Letter_to_Government_re_Rule_16_Disclosure.PDF

Thank you for doing this. The defense's November 8 letter (attached) lists a bunch of Government discovery in 12 subcategories. Could you please take a look at the letter and put copies of the bates numbers the defense has identified and put them in subfolders in the folder that created (e.g., AT&amp;T, Federal Express, etc). I added a subfolder as an example. Let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks!

From: USANYS [Contractor] &lt;
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 12:51 PM
To:
Cc: USANYS [Contractor] &lt;
Subject: RE: Defense Rule 16 Disclosure

Thanks! Saved here: \Usa.doj.gov/cloud/NYS/StAndrews/Shared/USvEpstein-2018R01618/Discovery/GM/Defense Rule 16 Disclosures/2021.11.08 Defense Rule 16 Disclosure

From:
Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 12:44 PM
To: USANYS [Contractor]
Cc: USANYS [Contractor] &lt;
Subject: Re: Defense Rule 16 Disclosure

In the discovery folder. Thanks!

On Nov 9, 2021, at 12:25 PM, (USANYS) [Contractor] wrote:

Hi team – apologies for just getting to this now. Where on the shared would you like these saved? Thanks!

From:
Sent: Monday, November 8, 2021 9:40 PM
To: USANYS [Contractor] &lt; (USANYS) [Contractor]
Cc: USANYS

EFTA00028272

EFTA00028273

Subject: FW: Defense Rule 16 Disclosure

Hi —could you please save these on the shared? Thanks!

From: Christian Everdell &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, November 8, 2021 9:32 PM
To: (USANYS)
Cc: Jeff Pagliuca &lt;&gt; Laura Menninger
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Defense Rule 16 Disclosure

and —

Attached is the defense Rule 16 disclosure.

Regards,

Chris

Christian R Everdell

<image001.gif>
|   | view bio  |
| --- | --- |

New York | Paris | Washington DC | London <image002.jpg>

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you.

PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: https://www.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy