From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: SDNY investigation (Rodgers)
Date: Thu, 06 May 2021 16:48:12 +0000

Hi Brendan,

Hope you’re doing well. Do you have time this afternoon or tomorrow for a quick call about this case?

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Friday June 5, 2020 3:35 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: SDNY investigation (Rodgers)

Appreciate the courtesy. Please do not pass on our contact info. That said, feel free to contact us if anything comes up in your investigation.

Thank you. Hope you guys are all hanging in okay.

Brendan F. Quigley

On Jun 5, 2020, at 3:19 PM [redacted] wrote:

[EXTERNAL EMAIL]

Brendan,

An attorney for an individual who has an active civil case in connection with Epstein has reached out to us to ask if we know the current counsel for Mr. Rodgers. I assume that the attorney is seeking to serve a request or subpoena for documents and/or testimony, though we haven’t asked specifically.

I don’t think we ordinarily engage on that type of question, but given that we have been in touch with you in connection with our interview of Mr. Rodgers, if you’d like we can pass along your contact info, so that the attorney goes to you

EFTA00028337

rather than attempting to contact or serve Mr. Rogers directly. And if not, of course no problem, and we'll just let him know that we're not able to comment one way or the other on the status of any counsel. Whatever you prefer.

Thanks, and hope you're well these days.

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Friday, February 07, 2020 18:36
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted]
Subject: RE: SONY investigation (Rodgers)

Thanks.

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Friday, February 2, 2020 13:04
To: Quigley, Brenda
Cc: [Redacted]
Subject: RE: SONY investigation (Rodgers)

[EXTERNAL EMAIL]

Brendan,

As promised, attached please find a copy of the proffer agreement signed today.

thanks.

[Redacted]

## Confidentiality Notice:

The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended only for the recipient[s] listed above and may be privileged and confidential. Any dissemination, copying, or use of or reliance upon such information by or to anyone other than the recipient[s] listed above is prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately at the email address above and destroy any and all copies of this message.

EFTA00028338