EFTA00027844

From: _______________________________________________________________________

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: Final Voucher ___________(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review

Date: Mon, 10 Feb 2020 22:33:21 +0000

Importance: Normal

---

Dear _______________________________________________________________________

Final voucher ___________(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log into E2 Solutions to review the document.

---

Trip ID: _______________________________________________________________________

Voucher ID: 1

Voucher type: Final

Traveler name: _______________________________________________________________________

Purpose: R20NYS13340 - Epstein investigation (2018R01618) - Witness Interviews

Destination: Stockholm, Sweden

Dates: 2020-02-03 - 2020-02-06

Current status: Pending Voucher Approval

Voucher total expenses: 2143.49

Estimated trip cost: 2954.54

E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):

https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html

E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):

https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

---

Reference ID# V0012

This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.