EFTA00029031

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (CRM)" &lt; " " "

Ce: " " " "

Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

Date: Wed, 30 Sep 2020 17:49:31 +0000

Thanks For some reason we're required to attach an approval email to our package of paperwork, so if it's okay with you I'll send you a separate email about that so that I can submit the response to EOUSA. Thanks!

From: (CRM) &lt; &gt;

Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 1:45 PM

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " "

Subject: Re: SDNY investigation

You can just say I have approved for OIA.

U.S. Department of Justice Attaché - London

US Mobile:

On Sep 30, 2020, at 6:42 PM, " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Is there a counterpoint at OIA in Washington we should be emailing for OIA approval, or should we send you an email requesting approval?

Thanks,

From (CRM) &lt; &gt;

Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 11:18 AM

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " "

Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

Is she OK with the Met Police knowing about her speaking with us?

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Hi

We have not seen the statement she has given, and we do not know the names of the police officers involved.

Thanks,

From (CRM) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 11:16 AM
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

Thanks. Very helpful. Am I correct in assuming that you have not seen the statement she gave to the police? Also, do you have the names of the Met officers involved?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 3:53 PM
To: CRM) &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

Hi

Thank you. We have not interviewed this witness, so we have not confirmed the details about where the abuse happened, who the perpetrator was, or how old she was when it happened. What we do know is (1) she is currently in (2) she is a national, and (3) according to her lawyer, she recently made a statement to the Met Police reporting some sort of past abuse by Jeffrey Epstein (and not necessarily the full scope of the information she may have in connection with our investigation), so we would be open to the possibility of sharing her name with the Met Police if, in your view, that was necessary.

We are preparing travel paperwork on our end, and will try to get this moving quickly. Thanks so much for your guidance on this.

Best,

From (CRM) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 7:07 AM
To: &lt; &gt;;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

One other question. If there is anything that would implicate UK government interests in this witness (other than any connection with witness PA) – if she was assaulted in connection with a UK gov’t function, or was a UK gov’t employee, etc. – that would also be helpful to know.

From: (CRM)
Sent: Wednesday, September 30, 2020 11:05 AM
To: &lt; &gt;;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

EFTA00029032

In speaking with LEGAT colleagues about how to do this without disclosing the witness identity, they said the UK will want to know if the conduct is also a UK crime. So a few questions:

is the victim a UK national;

did the alleged conduct occur on UK soil;

if the conduct occurred elsewhere, was the perp a UK national and the victim under age (I think it has to be under age 16)?

Also, what country is the victim currently in – England/Wales; Scotland, or N. Ireland (they each have their own procedures)?

Did the victim ever report the conduct to UK law enforcement?

Thx,

From (London) {
Sent: Tuesday, September 29, 2020 6:40 PM
To: (CRM) &lt;
Cc: &gt;
Subject: Re: SDNY investigation

My apologies. I haven't been able to get back on the line.

John T. McNeil
U.S. Dept. of Justice Attaché - London
UK Mobile:

Sent from a mobile device

From: &lt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 29, 2020 6:09:57 PM
To: McNeil, John T (London) &lt;;; McNeil, John (CRM) &lt;
Cc: &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation

Hi John,

Thanks again for taking the time to talk to us today. We can use this conference line: , passcode

From (London) &lt;
Sent: Monday, September 28, 2020 11:58 AM
To (CRM) &lt;; &gt;;
Subject: Re: SDNY investigation

I'll be in court much of the day tomorrow, so how about 1:30 pm EDT or later? Thx

U.S. Dept. of Justice Attaché - London
UK Mobile:

EFTA00029033

Sent from a mobile device

From: (CRM) <br/>
Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 8:14:17 PM
To: (London) <br/>
Subject: FW: SDNY investigation

From:
Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 8:14:13 PM (UTC+00:00) Dublin, Edinburgh, Lisbon, London
To: (CRM)
Cc: (USANYS)
Subject: Re: SDNY investigation

Thanks very much. Is there a time on Tuesday that works best for you?

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 25, 2020, at 1:49 PM. (CRM) <arom@arom.<br/>
&gt; wrote:

Hi - I will be out of the office on Monday, but could do it any other day of the week. If Monday is a critical day, I could do a call on Monday evening BST - which would be mid-afternoon your time.

Let me know what works.

Thx,

U.S. Department of Justice Attache
United States Embassy - London

U.K. Mobile:

From: <br/>
Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 3:16 PM
To: (CRM) <br/>
Cc: <br/>
Subject: SDNY investigation

Hi

I hope you're doing well. Are you possibly available for a brief call on Monday?

Thanks very much,

EFTA00029034

EFTA00029035

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007