From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Maxwell update to the Court
Date: Tue, 02 Feb 2021 20:26:28 +0000
Attachments: 2021.02.02_AJN_Order_Denying_Motion_to_Vacate_Order_re_MDC_laptop_access.pdf

All,

Judge Nathan just issued the attached order denying the application to vacate her prior order regarding Maxwell’s access to the laptop.

Please let me know if there is a good time for a call tomorrow to discuss the update letter that is due this Friday.

Thank you,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From:
Sent: Monday, February 1, 2021 7:44 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: Maxwell update to the Court

All,

Attached please find a letter, which we just filed on ECF, informing the Court that although our office generally has no objection to Maxwell having additional laptop access, we defer to the MDC’s judgment regarding how to manage its inmates, including in this situation. The defense has not filed a letter in response to your request to vacate the Court’s prior order, but I will send you a copy if and when they do.

Relatedly, our next update regarding Maxwell’s conditions of confinement is due to the Court this Friday, February 5th. Per the attached order, we need to update Judge Nathan regarding the following topics:

- Access to discovery (we have discussed this topic repeatedly, and my understanding is there are no material changes here, but we need to confirm)
- Access to legal mail (confirming Maxwell is receiving her legal mail on the same basis as all other inmates)
- Access to legal email (confirming that Maxwell has access to email with legal counsel via the BOP desktop computer)

EFTA00028161

- Ability to communicate with legal counsel (confirming the frequency with which Maxwell receives legal calls and VTCs)
- The frequency of searches of Maxwell (including all patdows, mouth searches, ear searches, strip searches, body scans, cell searches, and nighttime monitoring)

Is there a time in the next couple days when we could have a quick phone call to check in on these topics, please?

Thanks very much,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00028162