EFTA00027111

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: US v Epstein
Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 19:16:35 +0000

You can provide them with our contact information. Thanks.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 1:45 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED]
Subject: FW: US v Epstein

FYI, among several other recent requests and communications, Epstein's defense counsel says below that they would "welcome a call" with whoever is conducting the investigation into his death and have asked us to provide you with their contact information. Obviously leave it entirely to you whether you believe it would be appropriate or useful for your investigation to be in touch with them in any capacity.

Separately, they have asked us to advise the individuals working on the investigation into Epstein's death that his brother, Mark Epstein, is represented by Stacey Richman, from the Law Offices of Murray Richman. Should you find it appropriate or useful for the investigation to be in touch with her (or him through her), it appears that the number of her and her father's firm is [REDACTED].

From: Martin G. Weinberg [REDACTED]
Sent: Tuesday, August 13, 2019 09:30
To: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &lt;;; Reid Weingarten &lt; [REDACTED] &lt;;; 'Miller, Michael' &lt;;; 'Martin G. Weinberg' &lt; [REDACTED]
Subject: US v Epstein

In light of yesterday's seizures of computers in the Virgin Islands from Mr Epstein's residence or residences, and in light of the fact that emails and documents contained on some or all of these computers contain attorney-client and work product privileged communications, I request that you provide us assurance that they will not be accessed by the "case team" until a taint team is selected and until the procedures for a protection of those privileged communications is established. You have agreed to that protocol for the phones seized from Mr. Epstein on July 6 and the computers etc seized from his NYC residence shortly thereafter. I have a list of attorneys that I am prepared to send to a taint prosecutor once one is identified to me.

Second, there remains the timing of the dismissal of the charge against Mr. Epstein. Are you awaiting a motion to dismiss from us? Will the Indictment be nolle prossed today? Is there a reason for any delay beyond today?

Third, we would welcome a call with you or whoever is conducting the investigation into Mr. Epstein's death. Let us know. Marty

Martin G. Weinberg, Esq.
[REDACTED]
Boston, MA 02116
- Office
- Cell

EFTA00027112

This Electronic Message contains information from the Law Office of Martin G. Weinberg, P.C., and may be privileged. The information is intended for the use of the addressee only. If you are not the addressee, please note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.