From: " &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; "

Subject: 19-cr-00830-AT, All Defendants

Date: Sat, 13 Mar 2021 16:53:19 +0000

Attachments: epstein.mp4

Dear investigators,

Came across a purported video of Epstein's suicide (leaked by anonymous source). I attached it, but if your email strips attachments, you can also download it from Google Drive here:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wKRXM8sJ7RuiKXWnGfWqyTr_oOiHAvN/view

Is this real??? There is another version, better quality less choppy (as my re-encoding software seems to have made it choppy).

I have been documenting a substantial cover-up of a suicide scandal at FDC Miami by both the BOP and also high-level DOJ officials, so I find it to be a joke that the DOJ is bringing charges in this SDNY case concerning the Epstein suicide while simultaneously acting to illegally cover up misconduct in other similar cases. I have network of sources and based upon the information they have provided me, I was able to trace some of the incidents at FDC Miami as follows:

15412-104 Latitia Houser, Suicide in SHU (hanging), 2018-11-14
17880-104 Orlando Lorenzo, Attempted Suicide in Unit 8 WEST, approximately August 2019
17883-104 Pedro Rene Gonzalez, Suicide in SHU (hanging), 2019-08-24
14325-104 Anibal Mustelier, Suicide in Unit 7 EAST (hanging), 2020-09-18
00000-000 Suicide/Death Unit 9 EAST approximately Feb 2021 (Inmate name unknown)
00000-000 Suicide/Death SHU approximately Feb 2021 (Inmate name unknown)
00000-000 Suicide/Death, Inmates witnessed body being removed in body bag approximately 2 days ago.

There may be other deaths/suicides that I don't know of, but certainly there are numerous other attempted (unsuccessful) suicides at FDC Miami due to substantial corruption by BOP, DOJ, Court, Prosecutors and Defense Counsels. In one instance the inmate was found brain dead (but still alive) so they rushed him to a hospital to make sure he died at the hospital (so that they didn't have to count him as one of the dead at the prison). The situation is so bad that even as I continue to investigate this matter (while the government instead acts to cover it up), I continue to run across inmates who express suicidal ideations and still (even with the Attorney General and FBI directly involved in this investigation) they refuse to place the inmates on suicide watch and are still gambling with their lives. The decision to gamble with these inmate's lives is not being made by some low-level guards who refused to do their rounds, but rather by the FBI Director, Attorney General, BOP Director (which are job positions that are subject to "rolling coverup" and thus even though new individuals are installed into these positions, they are still somehow compelled to cover up crimes of their predecessors). So there is a unit of the FBI (overseen by the Attorney General) which is conducting a 24/7 surveillance operation over the FDC Miami because of several sensitive cases involving FBI corruption (that they are fearful will come out) and they are witnessing the suicide epidemic in real-time and even when receiving information about inmates threatening suicide in real time (through this illegal surveillance operation that they are trying to cover up its existence), they still let the inmates return to their cells unsupervised and without following protocol to immediately place them on suicide watch (as is required). And these people are killing themselves and once the FBI is implicated in prior knowledge of their threats to suicide, they engage cover up immediately (which I have been actively documenting since 2019).

How does the DOJ explain that?

EFTA00028840

The DOJ has absolutely no credibility to investigate/prosecute employees of the BOP in SDNY while at the same time in SDFL, the Attorney General, the FBI Director, SDFL Prosecutors Office are directly obstructing the investigation/prosecution of an even more serious suicide scandal occurring at FDC Miami for which they are all responsible together (because they were certainly aware of it when Pedro Gonzalez killed himself a short time after Epstein). You cannot be credible in New York when you are committing this level of crimes in Florida (on the same exact category of cases). Furthermore, the very first case I investigated (which started my investigative career) was a BOP scandal at Rochester Minnesota which occurred from January to May of 1998 concerning the physical abuse of Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman by prison guards (in an illegal conspiracy run by directors from Washington DC, ultimately resulting in the 911 attacks). I think god is trying to tell America that the conditions occurring in the jails are absolutely the best measure of the moral worth of an entire society. What type of message is America intending to send to the entire universe when we take people (some of whom commit minor mistakes and can be salvaged) and subject them to torture to the point they are killing themselves?

Regards,

Younes Ali Kabbaj
FedBOP.com
Lauderhill, FL

Or alternatively I am also known as “Q” from the investigation.org

Busting government pedophiles since 1987. Epstein was friend of a friend (although never heard of him until after).

EFTA00028841