AO 93 (SDNY Rev. 01/17) Search and Seizure Warrant

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

for the

Southern District of New York

In the Matter of the Search of
(Briefly describe the property to be searched
or identify the person by name and address)
3 electronic devices seized on July 11, 2019 from
, New York, NY

Case No.

# SEARCH AND SEIZURE WARRANT

To: Any authorized law enforcement officer

An application by a federal law enforcement officer or an attorney for the government requests the search of the following person or property located in the Southern District of New York
(identify the person or describe the property to be searched and give its location):

See Attachment A

The person or property to be searched, described above, is believed to conceal (identify the person or describe the property to be seized):

See Attachment A

The search and seizure are related to violation(s) of (insert statutory citations):

18 U.S.C. 1591; 18 U.S.C. 2422; 18 USC 2423; 18 U.S.C. 371

I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or property.

YOU ARE COMMANDED to execute this warrant on or before
(not to exceed 14 days)

☑ in the daytime 6:00 a.m. to 10 p.m. ☐ at any time in the day or night as I find reasonable cause has been established.

Unless delayed notice is authorized below, you must give a copy of the warrant and a receipt for the property taken to the person from whom, or from whose premises, the property was taken, or leave the copy and receipt at the place where the property was taken.

The officer executing this warrant, or an officer present during the execution of the warrant, must prepare an inventory as required by law and promptly return this warrant and inventory to the Clerk of the Court.

☐ Upon its return, this warrant and inventory should be filed under seal by the Clerk of the Court.
USMJ Initials

☐ I find that immediate notification may have an adverse result listed in 18 U.S.C. § 2705 (except for delay of trial), and authorize the officer executing this warrant to delay notice to the person who, or whose property, will be searched or seized (check the appropriate box) ☐ for 30 days (not to exceed 30).

☐ until, the facts justifying, the later specific date of

Date and time issued:
Judge’s signature

City and state: New York, NY
Hon. Alison J. Nathan, U.S. District Judge
Printed name and title

EFTA00029150

AO 93 (SDNY Rev. 01/17) Search and Seizure Warrant (Page 2)

|  Return  |   |   |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Case No.: | Date and time warrant executed: | Copy of warrant and inventory left with:  |
|  Inventory made in the presence of :  |   |   |
|  Inventory of the property taken and name of any person(s) seized:  |   |   |
|  Certification  |   |   |
|  I declare under penalty of perjury that this inventory is correct and was returned along with the original warrant to the Court.
Date:
_________________________
Executing officer’s signature
_________________________
Printed name and title  |   |   |

EFTA00029151

# Attachment A

## I. Devices Subject to Search and Seizure

The devices that are the subject of this search and seizure warrant (the “Subject Devices”) are described as follows:

The Subject Devices were recovered from a search of JEFFREY EPSTEIN’s private residence located at [redacted], New York, New York, which took place on July 11, 2019. The Subject Devices are particularly described as follows:

a. A “Seagate Path 100” hard drive, which was seized from inside a book shelf cabinet in an oval study on the first floor of the New York Residence, and which has been assigned internal FBI barcode number E6433822 (“Corrected Subject Device-32”);

b. A “Seagate Path 100” hard drive, which was seized from inside a book shelf cabinet in an oval study on the first floor of the New York Residence, and which has been assigned internal FBI barcode number E6433824 (“Corrected Subject Device-33”); and

c. A “Seagate Path 100” hard drive, which was seized from inside a book shelf cabinet in an oval study on the first floor of the New York Residence, and which has been assigned internal FBI barcode number E6433821 (“Corrected Subject Device-34”).

## II. Review of ESI on the Subject Devices

Law enforcement personnel (who may include, in addition to law enforcement officers and agents, attorneys for the government, attorney support staff, agency personnel assisting the government in this investigation, and outside technical experts under government control) are authorized to review the ESI contained on the Subject Device for evidence, fruits, and instrumentalities of violations of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1591 (sex trafficking of minors), 2422 (transportation of minors), 2423 (enticement to travel), and 371 (conspiracy to commit sex trafficking, transportation of minors, and enticement to travel) (the “Subject Offenses”), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows:

1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices.

2. Evidence concerning the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including [redacted] and GHISLAINE MAXWELL.

3. Evidence concerning communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including [redacted] and GHISLAINE MAXWELL.

4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses.

2017.08.02

EFTA00029152

5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, ledgers, account listings, check and wire records, and documents reflecting cash withdrawals.

6. Documents or records reflecting travel plans or arrangements for victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses, or co-conspirators in those Subject Offenses, including but not limited to itineraries, tickets, receipts, flight manifests, passport or identification information, and related records.

7. Any photographs of victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses.

8. Any nude, partially nude, or sexually suggestive photographs of individuals who appear to be teenage girls, or younger.

9. Records or other items that evidence ownership, control, or use of, or access to devices, storage media, and related electronic equipment used to access, transmit, or store information relating to the Subject Offenses, including, but not limited to, sales receipts, warranties, bills for Internet access, handwritten notes, registry entries, configuration files, saved usernames and passwords, user profiles, e-mail contacts, and photographs.

10. Any child erotica, defined as suggestive visual depictions of nude minors that do not constitute child pornography as defined by 18 U.S.C. § 2256(8).

If the Government determines that any of the Subject Devices is no longer necessary to retrieve and preserve the data on the device, and that any of the Subject Devices is not subject to seizure pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 41(c), the Government will return any such Subject Device, upon request.

2017.08.02
EFTA00029153