EFTA00028317

From: "

Subject: RE: Requests
Date: Thu, 25 Jun 2020 16:30:23 +0000

/Dave,

Some follow up questions related to these materials:

1. We received unsigned Word versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13. Are there finalized versions?
2. Why were we given the BOP Correctional Services Procedures Manual? Which of our requests is this responsive to?
3. Why were we given the BOP Suicide Prevention Program Statement? Which of our requests is this responsive to?
4. We were also given a Powerpoint entitled Suicide Prevention for Inmates. Which of our requests is this responsive to? When is this document from?
5. We were provided a document titled Introduction to Correctional Techniques from January 2020. Which of our requests is this responsive to? Is it the MCC institutional familiarization training outline? If so, we would request one from a time when the defendants were actively employed at MCC (so before August 2019).
6. We were provided with an undated slide presentation about the MCC SHU. Which of our requests is this responsive to? When is this document from?
7. The BOP Code of Ethics is highlighted below. Which document is this?
8. We received digital lieutenant's logs. Is there also a hard copy book?
9. We were provided with a document called "SHU Logs MW" and a document called "SHU Logs." Can we confirm what these are? Our requests were for SHU Watch Call Logs and SHU Control Center Logs.
10. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training, which is highlighted below as having been provided?
11. We asked for P.S. 5270.10, but got P.S. 5270.11. Was P.S. 5270.10 provided to us in error? Or was our request incorrect?
12. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on cellmates?
13. In the second email, there is a document called "Hot Lists" dated August 30, 2019. Which of our requests is this responsive to?
14. In the second email, [redacted] mentioned that most of the control center paperwork was seized by FBI and/or OIG. Do you or FBI have that paperwork? Has it been provided to us?
15. Finally, what is the status of the remaining requests?

Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks!

From: &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:59 PM
To: &gt;
Subject: FW: Requests

fyi

From: &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:53 PM

To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Requests

I've attached all the documentation I have pertaining to the below request. I am waiting for a few things from HR and Psychology but wanted to send you what I have right now. I highlighted the items below that are attached in this email.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Kizzier
Special Investigative Agent
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, NY 10007
646-836-6300 ext. 6485

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 06/12/20 1:54 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hi :

Hope you and fam have been well, as well as MCC staff.

Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation:

- The BOP and MCC Employee Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics, and corresponding employee acknowledgement forms for Defendant Noel.
- The MCC institutional familiarization training outline.
- The BOP and MCC policy on cellmates and local Institutional Supplement on Special Housing Unit Regulations, including Institutional Supplement/Program Statement Number P.S. NYM 5270.10.
- The BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training.
- The Inmate Accountability Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5511.08.
- The Security Inspections Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5500.13.
- SHU Watch Call Logs from August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019.
- All SHU Watch Call Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Control Center Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Operations Lieutenant Log Books completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU reports and SRO reviews completed by the SHU Lieutenant during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.

Many thx!

EFTA00028318