From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Epstein OIG/FBI--Document Preservation
Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 01:05:40 +0000

Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 12, 2019, at 8:24 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Done, thanks.

From:
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 19:57
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Epstein OIG/FBI--Document Preservation

Nothing further from me, but please fill out and return to [redacted] the more formal lit hold form that he just sent around.

From:
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 7:55 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein OIG/FBI--Document Preservation

In connection with the below, as one of the prosecutors on the case, I do have emails pertinent to Mr. Epstein's conditions of confinement, both in connection with the incident of July 23, 2019 (and email communications following up on, and seeking additional information about, that initial incident) and in connection with his apparent suicide on August 10, 2019. I do not believe I have any handwritten notes or texts that are pertinent to his conditions of confinement.

Please let me know if any additional action is required.

thank you,

From:
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 11:43

EFTA00027098

EFTA00027099

All – Please see below and follow instructions. Additionally, if you believe there are others at SDNY to whom this email should be sent, please let me know immediately.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 11:35 AM

Subject: Epstein OIG/FBI--Document Preservation

Please forward this to everyone who might have any documents relating to the Epstein suicide, and cc me:

Please make sure to preserve any documents you may have relating to Epstein’s conditions of confinement.

- Your emails will be adequately preserved, for present purposes, by the regular three-year backup. But let me know if you have any or not.
- If you have any hard-copy notes, please scan them and send them to me. If you have none, let me know that too.
- Most particularly, please check to see if you have texted anything pertinent. If so let me know, one way or the other. If you do have anything, we’ll figure out how to preserve that.

Associate U.S. Attorney
United States Attorney’s Office
Southern District of New York

New York, NY 10007