From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: 040721 -- SDNY -- US v Maxwell -- Maxwell letter -- request from Reuters
Date: Thu, 08 Apr 2021 14:32:50 +0000

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 9:21 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Fwd: 040721 -- SDNY -- US v Maxwell -- Maxwell letter -- request from Reuters

Just FYA — we'll probably get similar inquiries today on the HIPAA issue.
We declined to comment.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Stempel, Jonathan E. (Reuters)"
Date: April 8, 2021 at 9:14:16 AM EDT
To:
Subject: 040721 -- SDNY -- US v Maxwell -- Maxwell letter -- request from Reuters

Hi from New York. Ghislaine Maxwell’s lawyers have now responded in considerable color to the government’s letter regarding the conditions at MDC. As you probably know, the DOJ’s discussion about conditions in Maxwell’s cell attracted much press attention.

Leaving aside the question of whose assessment is more accurate, the defense is raising the question of whether the DOJ should be disclosing such information because of the potential it might contribute to poisoning the jury pool. (This could be a ground for appeal if Maxwell were convicted.)

We would like the government’s response to this letter, including its mindfulness about how its disclosures might affect Maxwell’s right to a fair trial, and whether it would consent to future redactions of the type described in the final paragraph.

Thanks in advance.

--Jon

Jonathan Stempel
Correspondent, Reuters America LLC

Thomson Reuters

EFTA00029238

EFTA00029239

This e-mail is for the sole use of the intended recipient and contains information that may be privileged and/or confidential. If you are not an intended recipient, please notify the sender by return e-mail and delete this e-mail and any attachments. Certain required legal entity disclosures can be accessed on our website:

https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en/resources/disclosures.html

&lt;040721 -- SDNY -- US v Maxwell -- Maxwell letter.pdf&gt;