# Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel)
(see instructions below)

To: SDNY Victim/Witness Unit

From: AUSA

Date: November 7, 2019

Re: United States v.

Court Docket No: N/A (grand jury)
USAO No:

Witness Name:

Witness DOB:
(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must exactly match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the witness to fly.)

Witness Address:
Witness TelNos (mobile):

Witness e-mail:

Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on Date: November 21, 2019
Time: 9 am

Witness Needed to Appear for:
Trial ( ) Date:
Grand Jury ( ) Date:
Trial/GJ Prep ( X ) Date: November 21, 2019

Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: November 20, 2019 (Flying from Los Vegas to NY)
Depart: November 21, 2019 (Flying from NY to Los Vegas)

Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? (Yes/No): Yes
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? (Yes/No): No
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? (Yes/No): No
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? (Yes/No): No
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? (Yes/No): Yes
Hotel Required? (Yes/No): Yes
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? (Yes/No): No
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include
- special travel arrangements
- care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home
- kennel fees for pets
- necessary travel companion

rev. 2019.09.18
EFTA00028801

- extra baggage (more than one bag)
Please describe the unusual expense:

For Victim/Witness Coordinator:
1. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for UEFW expenses (Yes/No): _____

2. Other VWC comments:

VWC Initials and Date: ___________________________

Instructions to AUSA:
Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should be used. For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to court/GJ testimony. Note that witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony, court testimony, or preparation for same. NB; as to grand jury, this applies only in the relatively infrequent occasions where time in the grand jury has been scheduled and the witness is intended to testify. Any other witness travel for investigative interviews must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds (it is generally more common for investigators to travel to the witness). See 28 C.F.R. Part 21, Witness Fees; USAP 3-19.000, Fact Witnesses and Fees and Expenses of Witnesses (FEW) Appropriation; Guiding Principles for Obtaining Witness Services Under the Fees and Expenses of Witnesses Appropriation, http://dojnet.doj.gov/usao/eousa/ole/usabook/witn/index.htm.

rev. 2019.09.18
EFTA00028802