From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: STACEY RICHMAN &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein
Date: Fri, 02 Jul 2021 01:42:58 +0000

Hi Stacey. That's not the purpose of the call, and I would prefer to speak with you first. I'll give you a call tomorrow, thanks.

On Jul 1, 2021, at 9:24 PM, STACEY RICHMAN &lt;&gt; wrote:

Mark would like to be on the call if that is fine with you- he is hopeful you have some information on his brother's demise- to shed further light

STACEY RICHMAN
Law Offices of
Richman Hill &amp; Associates PLLC
Bronx, New York 10461
(Main)
(Facsimile)

***Confidentiality Notice***

This email and any accompanying documents contains information that is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is legally privileged, confidential or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable laws. If the reader of this message is not the recipient, any disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use or retention of this communication or its substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return email. Thank you.

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, July 1, 2021 5:03 PM
To: STACEY RICHMAN &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Mark Epstein

Ok, talk to you then.

On Jul 1, 2021, at 4:54 PM, STACEY RICHMAN &lt;&gt; wrote:

This can work- my cell is probably optimal that is

STACEY RICHMAN
Law Offices of

EFTA00029617

Richman Hill &amp; Associates PLLC

Bronx, New York 10461

(Main)

(Facsimile)

***Confidentiality Notice***

This email and any accompanying documents contains information that is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is legally privileged, confidential or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable laws. If the reader of this message is not the recipient, any disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use or retention of this communication or its substance is prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please delete it and notify the sender by return email. Thank you.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Thursday, July 1, 2021 4:46 PM
To: STACEY RICHMAN &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Mark Epstein

Thanks for the quick response. Should we say 11:30? What's the best number to call?

From: STACEY RICHMAN &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Thursday, July 1, 2021 4:45 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Mark Epstein

Yes I have a 10 am court appearance – so before or after

Sent from Mail for Windows 10

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Thursday, July 1, 2021 4:44 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Subject: Mark Epstein

Hi Stacey,

Hope this finds you well. Are you available tomorrow morning for a call?

Thanks very much,

Chief, Public Corruption Unit
U.S. Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
Desk [REDACTED]
Cell [REDACTED]

EFTA00029618