# Declaration of Custodian of Records

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. ยง 1746, I, the undersigned, hereby declare:

My name is Patrick M. Kessel.
(name of declarant)

I am a United States citizen and I am over eighteen years of age. I am the custodian of records of the business named below, or I am otherwise qualified as a result of my position with the business named below to make this declaration.

I am in receipt of a Grand Jury Subpoena, dated March 26, 2021, and signed by Assistant United States Attorney [redacted], requesting specified records of the business named below. Pursuant to Rules 902(11) and 803(6) of the Federal Rules of Evidence, I hereby certify that the records provided herewith and in response to the Subpoena:

1. were made at or near the time of the occurrence of the matters set forth in the records, by, or from information transmitted by, a person with knowledge of those matters;
2. were kept in the course of regularly conducted business activity; and
3. were made by the regularly conducted business activity as a regular practice.

I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.

Executed on 5/12/21
(date)

Patrick M. Kessel - VP of Finance &amp; Operations
(name and title of declarant)

Interlochen Center for the ARTS
(name of business)

4000 J MADDY PARKWAY, INTERLOCHEN MI 49643
(business address)

## Definitions of terms used above:

As defined in Fed. R. Evid. 803(6), "record" includes a memorandum, report, record, or data compilation, in any form, of acts, events, conditions, opinions, or diagnoses. The term, "business" as used in Fed. R. Evid. 803(6) and the above declaration includes business, institution, association, profession, occupation, and calling of every kind, whether or not conducted for profit.

EFTA00029341