EFTA00029172

From: _________________________________________________________________________
To: " ______________________________________________________________________
Cc: " ______________________________________________________________________", " ______________________________________________________________________"
Subject: RE: Epstein Account Documents
Date: Thu, 07 Oct 2021 21:27:06 +0000

I have uploaded the documents I was able to find in the Epstein Account Document Folder in DOJ USA File Exchange site. You should already have access to that folder.

I also came across two documents requesting removal for Ghislaine Maxwell from the Hyperion Air, Jeffery Epstein and JEGE accounts, I have already provided those accounts documents. I also came across a memo requesting removal of Ghislaine Maxwell from NES LLC Account # _______________. I was unable to come across documents for that account. Those removal memos have been placed in the Epstein Accounts Document folder as well.

If you have any questions, please call me.

Thanks

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, October 7, 2021 12:57 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;_______________________________&gt;
Cc: ______________________________________________________________________ (USANYS) &lt;_______________________________&gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Epstein Account Documents

Thanks! Could you please send me the account opening/signature/KYC documents for the two accounts attached here?

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Thursday, October 7, 2021 7:38 AM
To: _________________________________________________________________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;_______________________________&gt;
Cc: ______________________________________________________________________ (USANYS) &lt;_______________________________&gt;; ______________________________________________________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;_______________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein Account Documents

I have uploaded the account statement to DOJ USA File Exchange site. I have given you, _________________________________________________________________________ and _________________________________________________________________________ access rights to the folder.

If you have any questions, please contact me.

Best

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, October 6, 2021 4:12 PM

To: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) [REDACTED] &gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [REDACTED]
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Epstein Account Documents

Hi [REDACTED].

Thanks very much. Could you please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were executed? It would be helpful to see the balances.

Thanks!

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, October 4, 2021 8:27 AM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Epstein Account Documents

[REDACTED].

As a follow up to our conversation regarding Epstein accounts where Ghislaine Maxwell was a signer on the account, I have compiled the attached documents for your review.

If you have any question, please contact me.

Best

[REDACTED]
Forensic Accountant
FBI New York Field Office
[REDACTED]

EFTA00029173