From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2018 21:15:16 +0000

Importance: Normal

I don't really know him, let's call him now

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 4:15 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: Epstein

Let me know when you do this, and I can join. I don't know — would be good to "meet" him.

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 4:13 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

I spoke with — he agrees we should open. , he asked you to call now.

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 3:27 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

I think you should reach out in the first instance and then have the GS call me. We will want to see how quickly they can gather the FBI investigative file from the old case. We should think about whether there is an immediate subpoena we should cut to stake claim?

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 3:14 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Subject: Re: Epstein

Agreed.

On Nov 29, 2018, at 2:58 PM, (USANYS) &lt;;&gt; wrote:

My view is that we should open on this today, and bring in FBI-NY's sex crimes squad. , please let me know if you want me to reach out to , or if you prefer to call (the GS who overseas the squad).

EFTA00029074

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 2:53 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS)  [REDACTED];  (USANYS)  [REDACTED]  &gt;;  [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS)  [REDACTED]  &gt;;  (USANYS)  &lt;  [REDACTED]
Subject: Epstein

As discussed: https://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/article220097825.html

Chief, Public Corruption Unit
United States Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza

EFTA00029075