From: " " )" &lt;

To: N. (NY) (FBI)" &lt;

Subject: property return

Date: Thu, 01 Aug 2019 19:06:30 +0000

Hey defense counsel will be at his desk for the next hour if you're able to give him a call? He's at [redacted] Or if not, let me know what a good time to do a conference call would be. Thanks!

From: Miller, Michael &lt;

Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 14:36

To: [redacted]

Subject: RE: Epstein

We have not been able to connect yet. I'm at my desk for the next 1.5 hours if that works for Agent Mike

From: [redacted]

Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2019 12:23 PM

To: Miller, Michael &lt;[redacted]

Subject: RE: Epstein

Hi Mike,

Thanks for following up, and I connected with Agent [redacted] about reaching out to you – I think she may have left a message. Let me know if you and she aren't able to connect up by the end of the day? If you're still not by then, I can try to set up a specific time.

thanks,

From: Miller, Michael &lt;[redacted]

Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2019 10:40

To: [redacted]

Subject: Epstein

Hello [redacted]

Any word on when I can send someone by to pick up the ring, diamonds, and funds?

Many thanks.

Mike

Michael C. Miller

Partner

www.steptoe.com/mmiller

# Steptoe

[redacted]

Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP

1114 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036

EFTA00028085

www.steptoe.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the law firm Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message.

EFTA00028086