To: Gmax
From: Jeffrey Epstein
Sent: Sun 10/24/2010 4:20:05 PM (UTC)
Subject: Fwd:

--- Forwarded message ---
From: Matthew I. Menchel &lt;&gt;
Date: Sun, Oct 24, 2010 at 10:34 AM
Subject: RE:
To: Jeffrey Epstein &lt;&gt;

Jeffrey,

I very much enjoyed our talk the other night. I look forward to the possibility of working together, but regardless let's keep in touch.

Best,

Matt

Matthew I. Menchel

KOBRE &amp; KIM LLP

www.kobrekim.com

New York | London | Hong Kong | Washington DC | Miami

From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:
Sent: Friday, October 15, 2010 8:08 AM
To: Matthew I. Menchel
Subject:

now that there can be no conflict. when are you next in new york

***
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by

EFTA00027873

return e-mail or by e-mail to , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

This e-mail message is from Kobre &amp; Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient(s), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete this e-mail message and any attachments from your computer without retaining a copy.

IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments or enclosures) was not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed in this communication. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury regulations governing tax practitioners.)

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

EFTA00027874