From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Documents Per Judge Nathan's Order

Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 00:26:23 +0000

Attachments: 2021-04-23_Gov't_letter_re_proposed_redactions_to_GM_17(c)_filings.docx;

Ex._B_2021.04.05_BSF_Reply_re_Maxwell_Rule_17(c)_Subpoena_ _Prpsd_Redact._[Government_Proposed_Redactions].pdf;

2021.04.05_BSF_Reply_re_Maxwell_Rule_17(c)_Subpoena_[Government_Proposed_Redactions].pdf;

2021.04.19_LAM_Joint_Letter_with_BSF_re_redactions_in_Rule_17_pleadings_[Government_Proposed_Redactions].pdf;

2021.04.02_Defts_Resp_to_BSF_Ltr._Motn_to_Quash_Rule_17_Sub_[Government_Proposed_Redactions].pdf;

Ex._A_2021.04.02_Defts_Resp_to_BSF_Ltr._Motn_to_Quash_Rule_17_Sub_ _Prpsd._[Government_Proposed_Redactions].pdf

Attached is a draft letter requesting certain redactions and proposed redactions. Any edits?

From:

Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 7:01 PM

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: FW: Documents Per Judge Nathan's Order

From: Jeff Pagliuca

Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 6:55 PM

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

CC: Sabina Mariella &lt;;; Sigrid McCawley (

Laura Menninger &lt;;; Nicole Simmons &lt;

Subject: FW: Documents Per Judge Nathan's Order

Here they are. I thought they were attached to the last email.

From: Sigrid McCawley

Sent: Wednesday, April 21, 2021 4:32 PM

To: Laura Menninger &lt;;; Jeff Pagliuca &lt;

Cc: Sabina Mariella &lt;;; Sigrid McCawley &lt;

Subject: Documents Per Judge Nathan's Order

Hello Laura and Jeff,

As we understand Judge Nathan's Order, we are directed to confer with the Government about any redactions they are requesting to the above. Please confirm that you agree the above set of materials can be sent to the Government pursuant to Judge Nathan's Order this afternoon.

EFTA00027160

Best, Sigrid

Sigrid McCawley

Partner

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200

Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301

(t) +1 954 377 4223

(m) +1 954 770 5377

www.bsflp.com

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00027161