EFTA00028110

From: _________________________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________________________, _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: Fwd: Costa Mesa CA / Orange county tax exempt form
Date: Wed, 20 Nov 2019 00:05:01 +0000
Attachments: Orange_County_CA_Tax_exempt_form.pdf; ATT00001.htm

Hi

Orange County CA is lodging tax exempt.
☐ please assist with the tax issue.

Thanks

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Date: November 7, 2019 at 9:01:36 AM EST
To: _________________________________________________________________________, _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: California trip Santa Monica

The old tax exempt link seem broken to me.

https://www.google.com/search?source=hp&amp;ei=GSPEXd2iG6qp_OaGra_wDA&amp;q=what+county+is+santa+monica+in&amp;oq=what+county+is+santa&amp;gs_l=psy-ab.1.0.0i70i251j0l9.959.12224..14884...1.0..0.110.1729.19j2...3..0...1..gws-wiz...0i131.3m22F18mPFY#spf=1573135145376

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2019 4:58 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________, _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Nov 5, 2019, at 4:56 PM, [redacted] wrote:

[redacted]

Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview in Los Angeles on November 14. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 13th to the 15th (and no conference room necessary for this trip).

thanks,

[redacted]

From: [redacted]
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 13:55
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]
&lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted]
&gt; [redacted]
Subject: RE: travel approval request

[redacted]

Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and [redacted], and we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please.

thanks very much,

[redacted]

From: [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51
To: [redacted]

EFTA00028111

Cc: ____________________________________________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: travel approval request

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, __________, and/or __________, as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please.

thanks very much,

From: ____________________________________________________________________________________________

Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57

To: ____________________________________________________________________________________________

Cc: ____________________________________________________________________________________________
&gt; : ____________________________________________________________________________________________
&gt; : ____________________________________________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows).

Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either be me and __________ or __________ and __________, but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please.

thanks very much,

EFTA00028112

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57
To:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thank you

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, [redacted] wrote:

For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, [redacted] and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much.

EFTA00028113

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32
To: [Redacted] &gt;
Cc: [Redacted] &gt; [Redacted] &gt; [Redacted]
Subject: travel approval request

[Redacted] and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on Saturday.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always.

[Redacted]
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York
[Redacted]

EFTA00028114