From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &gt;

Subject: Fwd: Update: Jeffrey Epstein Estate/Southern Country International Bank/USVI

Date: Wed, 01 Apr 2020 17:10:26 +0000

Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image001(1).jpg

I don't know why this guy continues to email Geoff! Can you see if you can redirect that?

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USAVI)" &lt;

Date: April 1, 2020 at 1:07:30 PM EDT

To: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: " (USAVI)" &lt;, ", " (USANYS)"

Subject: RE: Update: Jeffrey Epstein Estate/Southern Country International Bank/USVI

Mr. Berman,

I hope that you and your office are staying safe in these strange days.

I wanted to let you know that our office is moving forward with the investigation referenced below, and in particular I wanted to make you aware that we expect the grand jury to issue subpoenas for Epstein's jail calls and related custodial materials.

Thank you and please contact me if you have any questions. - Nate

Assistant United States Attorney
District of the Virgin Islands
5500 Veterans Drive, Suite 260

From: (USAVI)

Sent: Friday, March 13, 2020 10:06 AM

To: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Update: Jeffrey Epstein Estate/Southern Country International Bank/USVI

Mr. Berman,

EFTA00028346

Hope you are well. As referenced below, I'm working with investigators on this matter. I would love to speak with someone in your office so that they can be aware of what we are looking at, and vice versa. Would you mind letting me know who in SDNY I should contact? Thank you so much,

Assistant United States Attorney
District of the Virgin Islands
5500 Veterans Drive, Suite 260

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USAVI)
Sent: Thursday, March 05, 2020 6:35 AM
To: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED]&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED], (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Estate/Southern Country International Bank/USVI

Thanks so much, Geoff.

By all means, let's coordinate here. Your unit chiefs should contact the VI-USAO Senior Litigation Counsel, [REDACTED].

Best wishes,

From: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED]&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, March 04, 2020 11:04 AM
To: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USAVI) &lt; [REDACTED]&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED], (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Estate/Southern Country International Bank/USVI

[REDACTED], thanks for the heads up. We are looking into aspects of the estate. I would like to put our unit chiefs in contact with someone in your office in charge of the matter to coordinate. Who would you suggest? Best, Geoff

On Mar 3, 2020, at 11:15 AM, [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USAVI) &lt; [REDACTED]&gt; wrote:

Good afternoon and greetings from the USVI:

We are opening an investigation of the Jeffrey Epstein estate and Southern Country International Bank in the USVI. The investigation will be worked by FBI and IRS-CI. I wanted to reach out to you, in order to make certain that we are not interfering with any ongoing investigation that your office may have.

EFTA00028347

I am happy to discuss.

Best wishes,

U.S. Attorney for the Virgin Islands
Office of the U.S. Attorney
Ron De Lugo Federal Building
5500 Veterans Drive, Suite 260
Charlotte Amalie,
6214
340-774-5757(front desk)

https://www.justice.gov/usao-vi
<image001.jpg>

EFTA00028348