From: (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Re:
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2019 15:05:14 +0000

Thanks for sending.

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 8:53 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: Re:

FYI. Sorry, I didn't realize you weren't on this. (I realized I wasn't on it, because forwarded it to me).

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Sunday, August 11, 2019 12:12 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: Re:

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Date: August 11, 2019 at 11:52:46 AM EDT
To: (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;, (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re:

This is great. Thanks.

On Aug 11, 2019, at 11:48 AM, (USANYS) &lt;&gt; wrote:

Hi Geoff,

The answers to your questions are below.

1. OIG requested all of the relevant log slips from BOP this morning. To date, we have received the log for the 30-min checks for Friday night, which shows that the same officer (Officer Noel) signed each of the 30-min checks between 12-6am on 8/10, although there were 8 other officers on duty in the SHU that night. We also received the report that Michael Horowitz referenced last night, which was written by a supervisor (, the report states that when responded to Epstein's cell following the emergency call, Officer Noel admitted that they did not conduct the 3am or 5am rounds. Another officer, Officer Thomas, then said "we messed up" and then "I messed up, she's not to blame (referring to Officer Noel), we didn't do any rounds." We are reaching out to today to set up an interview. We want to approach and interview the relevant officers after we have analyzed the video we seized, as discussed below.

EFTA00027936

2. There was a camera in the SHU that was pointed at the hallway and would have captured who was entering or looking into each cell. However, FBI/OIG was told yesterday by BOP that the camera had not been functioning since Thursday. FBI seized 18 hard drives of video from BOP and are analyzing them to confirm whether there was in fact any video. We hope to have a preliminary analysis done of the SHU camera by tomorrow.

3. Epstein was removed from suicide watch on 7/29, and was not required to have a cellmate. His cellmate went to Court on Friday and was released from Court. There was not an officer responsible for assigning him a cellmate because it was not required. OIG has not interviewed any officers; we intend to start with an interview with [redacted] as referenced above.

The autopsy is happening this morning. We will continue to keep you posted. Please let us know if you have any questions.

Thanks,

On Aug 11, 2019, at 9:58 AM, Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

[redacted]: OAG has asked us for answers to the questions below, whenever we get them. Perhaps we can run these questions by the OIG agent.

I assume that in addition to the log for the 30 minute checks that there are also log slips for the two head counts at 3am and 5am. That's what I was told by BOP.

With respect to the video, is there any video in that SHU that would show if the COs did the counts?

Have they uncovered any information about why the Epstein did not have a cell mate? Was the CO responsible for assigning Epstein a cell mate interviewed? I understand BOP has not talked to him.

EFTA00027937