EFTA00028370

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE:  - Epstein

Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 02:18:41 +0000

Importance: Normal

Alright alright 10:00, but that's my final offer

From:  &lt;  &gt;

Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 22:11

To:  &lt;  &gt;;

Subject: RE:  - Epstein

I'm free, but if possible can we do it a bit earlier, so we have time to brief the Florida approach agents? I think they fly out Tuesday afternoon (but I could be wrong about that).

From:  &lt;  &gt;

Sent: Sunday, July 7, 2019 10:10 PM

To:  &lt;  &gt;;

Subject: FW:  - Epstein

10:30 okay for you guys on Tuesday?

From:  &lt;  &gt;

Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 18:51

To:  &lt;  &gt;

Cc:  &lt;  &gt;;

Subject: Re:  - Epstein

Hi  ,

No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. Let's set a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for you.

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer's Plaza | 4th Floor

t.

f.

e.

www.crimlawfirm.com

On Jul 7, 2019, at 4:04 PM, [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

Joe,

Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before you meet with [redacted], if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in touch.

thank you,

[redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: [redacted]
Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:55
To: [redacted] &lt;[redacted] &gt; Epstein

Begin forwarded message:

From: [redacted]
Date: July 6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]
Subject: [redacted] - Epstein

My former partner, Alan Ross, represented [redacted], prior to his passing in 2018. Agent [redacted] served [redacted] with a grand jury subpoena earlier today, and as Alan’s former partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you.

Look forward to speaking with you.

Best,

[redacted]

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer’s Plaza | 4th Floor
t. [redacted]

EFTA00028371

f.
e.
www.crimlawfirm.com

EFTA00028372