From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Documents from BOP without Green Watermark

Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 20:35:13 +0000

Thanks again for this, [REDACTED], and we can talk some more about it tomorrow. In the meantime, can I ask how BOP provided the docs to you? Do you have JEFS access? Or did they email them?

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Monday, April 12, 2021 11:36 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &gt;;

Subject: RE: Epstein Documents from BOP without Green Watermark

Hi [REDACTED],

We requested these from the BOP, and they provided a set of documents, which we then produced to defense counsel. We did not do a page by page comparison between the redacted set and the unredacted set, so we can't guarantee that they are "comprehensive." But we can provide you with what we have, assuming that there aren't any issues with us sharing in that way.

Best,

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Sunday, April 11, 2021 12:27 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;, "(USANYS) &gt;;

Subject: Epstein Documents from BOP without Green Watermark

[REDACTED] and [REDACTED].

I recall that at some point you requested a version of the Epstein FOIA documents from BOP without the translucent green watermark they put on the withheld documents. Do you have those saved down somewhere? Although the Court has not put in a specific order yet, I think it's likely that we'll need to produce documents without the translucent green marking to the Court. I have versions without the watermark for some of the docs, but it looks like not all. Do you have a comprehensive set somewhere?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
300 Quarropas Street
White Plains, NY 10601
Telephone: [REDACTED]

EFTA00027381