EFTA00027581

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] &lt; &gt;
Date: Mon, 27 Sep 2021 17:33:41 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.png

Sure, give me a call when you're ready to chat.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, September 27, 2021 12:42 PM
To: ) &lt; &gt;
Subject: Fwd: [EXTERNAL] &lt; &gt;

Let's discuss

Begin forwarded message:

From: Stuart Kaplan &lt; &gt;
Date: September 27, 2021 at 12:18:44 PM EDT
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL] &lt; &gt;

Ms. :
As I understand now your office has been advised that I have been formerly retained by Retired FBI Special Agent
in connection with her being subpoenaed
to testify in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell case pending in the SDNY.
Ms. has conveyed some concerns about her inability to properly prepare for her testimony whether for the
prosecution or defense given that she has not been given a copy of the 1A notes that were originally prepared in
preparation to the FD-302 written that she may be called to testify about. (I will be able to elaborate via tel/cal with
you).
Additionally, my client was interviewed by Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) just prior to her retirement. This
interview was given under oath and in connection with her recollection of events of the Jeffrey Espstein investigation.
(I can of course elaborate further via tel/cal with you.)
Please feel free to reach out to me at your earliest convenience to discuss further.
In the interim, moving forward all direct or indirect contact with Ms. should be coordinated through my
office.
Thank you.

Stuart N. Kaplan, Esq.
Managing Partner

LAW OFFICES
STUART N. KAPLAN, P.A.
A PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATION

| Tele. | Fax |
| --- | --- |
| | www.stuartnkaplanpa.com |

EFT A00027582

# CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

This e-mail message from The Law Office of Stuart N. Kaplan, P.A., is intended only for the individual or entity to which it is addressed. This e-mail may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-mail by accident, please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail and all copies of it.