From: Jeffrey Epstein &lt;&gt;
To: Jes Staley &lt;&gt;
Sent: 7/10/2010 3:27:04 PM
Subject: Re:

well one side is available

On Sat, Jul 10, 2010 at 10:17 AM, Jes Staley &lt;&gt; wrote:
Beauty and the Beast...

From: Jeffrey Epstein &lt;&gt;
To: Jes Staley
Sent: Fri Jul 09 21:02:03 2010
Subject: Re:

what character would you like next

On Fri, Jul 9, 2010 at 8:45 PM, Jes Staley &lt;&gt; wrote:
Maybe they're tracking u??

That was fun. Say hi to Snow White.
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and
conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses,
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers,
available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email.

***
The information contained in this communication is
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may
constitute inside information, and is intended only for
the use of the addressee. It is the property of
Jeffrey Epstein
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited
and may be unlawful. If you have received this
communication in error, please notify us immediately by
return e-mail or by e-mail to [redacted], and
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,
including all attachments.
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase
or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal
entity disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email.

Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase
JPM-SDNY-00000951
EFTA00029432

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to [redacted], and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.

Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan Chase
JPM-SDNY-00000952
EFTA00029433