From:
To:

Subject: FW: CBP Question
Date: Tue, 10 Aug 2021 13:48:45 +0000
Attachments:
[REDACTED: travel_from_1.1.1990_to_4.5.2021.pdf;
[REDACTED: travel_from_1.1.1990_to_4.5.2021.pdf;
Maxwell_travel_from_1.1.1990_to_1.1.2000.pdf; JE_Travel.pdf]

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 6:17 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: CBP Question

Thanks again for helping; we really appreciate it. Attached are the records. Please let us know if you have any questions.

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 5:31 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: CBP Question

Hey Cara,

Sorry I was on the road but I spoke with [REDACTED] he filled me in on what your looking for. I'm also available for a call to further discuss.

Respectfully,

U.S. Customs and Border Protection
Task Force Officer - SDNY
US Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York

(LES/FOUO) LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE - FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

WARNING:

EFTA00029382

The information contained in this email is considered confidential and sensitive in nature as well as sensitive but unclassified and/or legally privileged information. It is not to be released to the media, the general public, or to non-law enforcement personnel who do not have a "need-to-know". This information is not to be posted on the Internet, or disseminated through unsecured channels, and is intended for law enforcement personnel only. It is solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Unauthorized interception, review, use or disclosure is prohibited and may violate applicable laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and destroy all copies of the communication.

DISSEMINATION INSTRUCTIONS: This document is marked Law Enforcement Sensitive/For Official Use Only and may be disseminated, with proper attribution, to Law Enforcement, DOD, or U.S. Intelligence Agencies. Further disclosure to unauthorized entities could jeopardize ongoing investigations, operations, and personal safety. This product shall not be released to the public or media.

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 3:56:15 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: CBP Question

CAUTION: This email originated from outside of DHS. DO NOT click links or open attachments unless you recognize and/or trust the sender. If you feel this is a suspicious-looking email, please report by using the Report Phish button option.

Hi Ray,

I hope you are well! Jared Eannucci passed along your info to us. We were hoping to connect with you by phone about a question in one of our cases. Do you have time to talk today or tomorrow morning?

Thanks so much!

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00029383