Sent: Mon, 14 Jan 2013 16:06:26 +0000
From: "Amazon.com" <ship-confirm@amazon.com>
To: "jeeproject@yahoo.com" <jeeproject@yahoo.com>
Subject: Your Amazon.com order of 2x "USB lightning cable for..." has shipped!

Kindle Store | Your Orders | Amazon.com

Shipping Confirmation
Order #109-6782579-8474625

Hello Jeffrey Epstein,

Thank you for shopping with us. We thought you'd like to know that LWZTech shipped your items, and that this completes your order. Your order is on its way, and can no longer be changed. If you need to return an item from this shipment or manage other orders, please visit Your Orders on Amazon.com.

Your estimated delivery date is:
Thursday, February 7, 2013 -
Tuesday, February 26, 2013

Your order was sent to:
jeffrey epstein
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 10021-4102
United States

Your package is being shipped by ec-firstclass and the tracking number is UEE130113OKK000413. Depending on the ship speed you chose, it may take 24 hours for your tracking number to return any information.

Shipment Details

2x USB lightning cable for iphone 5 $5.10
Sold by LWZTech
Condition: new

Item Subtotal: $5.10
Shipping &amp; Handling: $0.00
Total Before Tax: $5.10
Shipment Total: $5.10
Paid by Amex: $5.10

Returns are easy. Visit our Online Return Center.
If you need further assistance with your order, please contact the seller.

We hope to see you again soon!
Amazon.com

http://www.amazon.com:80/gp/redirect.html/ref=pe_175190_21431760_M3T1_LM_DVD/175-5776878-

EFTA00029221</jeeproject@yahoo.com></ship-confirm@amazon.com>

0882260?_encoding=UTF8&amp;location=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2Fb%3Fnode%3D2625373011&amp;token=3A0F170E7CEFE27BDC730D3
344512BC1296B83&amp;pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;pf_rd_s=email-center-
1&amp;pf_rd_r=0S69388CWKSVFJSGTVZ0&amp;pf_rd_t=401&amp;pf_rd_p=1450634562&amp;pf_rd_i=contentsymphonyslot

Unless otherwise noted, items sold by Amazon.com LLC are subject to sales tax in select states in accordance with the applicable laws of that state. If your order contains one or more items from a seller other than Amazon.com LLC, it may be subject to state and local sales tax, depending upon the seller's business policies and the location of their operations. Learn more about tax and seller information.

This email was sent from a notification-only address that cannot accept incoming email. Please do not reply to this message.

EFTA00029222