Date: 7/13/06
Time: 9:27:55
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Incident Report
Page: 45
Program: CMS301L

**NARRATIVE #14**

Reported By: [Redacted]
Entered By: [Redacted]
11/07/05
11/07/05

On October 20, 2005, I assisted Defective [Redacted] in the execution of a search warrant at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, 33480.

Upon the announcement of the search warrant, immediate contact was made with three white males who came out of the house or surrounding structures. Those males were identified as [Redacted], [Redacted], and [Redacted]. As other members of the police department cleared the home, I kept watch over these three males. Once the house was cleared, those males were turned over to Detective [Redacted].

Detective [Redacted] and I were assigned to assist in the search of the main house, the cabana and the servant's quarters. We started in the garage. All areas of the garage were searched to include four vehicles. These vehicles were three black Mercedes Benz cars registered to Jeffrey Epstein. The fourth vehicle was a Harley Davidson motorcycle, green in color, registered to Jeffrey Epstein. Nothing was recovered from the garage.

A towel closet and pantry located off the kitchen were searched and yielded negative results.

The kitchen was searched and taken into evidence was a phone message book that was located near a house phone.

North of the kitchen was an office room which contained a computer. The room had a closet that contained a locked gun locker. The combination was entered by [Redacted] in the presence of Sgt. [Redacted] and the safe was opened. Items were taken from the room. See the completed property receipt for a detailed list.

A green bathroom located on the first floor was searched and nothing was taken.

A closet located just west of the green bathroom was searched. Two massage tables were located in the closet along with a photo of a nude

EFTA00028568

Date: 7/13/06
Time: 9:27:55
PALM BEACH POLICE DEPARTMENT
Incident Report
Page: 46
Program: CMS301L

Case No. . . . : 1-05-000368
(Continued)
female from the waist up. See the property receipt for details.

I searched two bedrooms and their adjoining bathrooms, which were located on the second floor on the East side of the house. In the Northeast bedroom closet I found adult sex toys called Twin Torpedoes. Soap made in the shape of a penis and vagina were also found in these upstairs bedrooms. See the property receipt for details.

I searched the pool cabana located on the South side of the pool. Photos were taken from the wall. See the property receipt for details.

I assisted in the search of [redacted] living quarters. Numerous CD s along with a message book was seized. See the property receipt for details.

EFTA00028569