From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: "

Subject: RE: Checking in on Epstein FOIA Review

Date: Wed, 28 Apr 2021 20:49:23 +0000

Hi

Thank you for the update! I think we're going to try for a 2-day extension, but because we're a little behind and there is no guarantee PAE will grant the extension, we are still going to need the review completed today.

Thank you again!

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 2:05 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Checking in on Epstein FOIA Review

Hi

I will do my absolute best to get these reviewed today, but you may not get them until very late tonight. If it is possible to ask for an extension (you can blame me!), then that would probably make sense.

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 12:21 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Checking in on Epstein FOIA Review

Hi

Sorry again to bug on this but, in part because of a few other developments in the case, I think BOP might have real trouble meeting the Friday deadline if we don't get the rest of the Tartaglione redactions to them today. I want to make sure we're still on track for that. If not, then I think we could try to get some small extension into next week for some portion of the documents, although I think this would annoy PAE. Unfortunately, under his rules, we'd have to make that extension request today (and I'd need to get the Times's position on it). I can make that happen if we need to, but I need to know soon if it's necessary. Please let me know if we're on track to have the Tartaglione review for the second half of the docs complete today, or if we need to consider other options.

Also, if there is any portion finished and it can be easily sent my way, please do that so I can get BOP started on it.

Thanks!

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 6:24 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Checking in on Epstein FOIA Review

EFTA00027395

Ok, thanks, [redacted]

From: [redacted] &lt;[redacted]&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 5:55 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt;[redacted]&gt;
Subject: RE: Checking in on Epstein FOIA Review

Hey [redacted],

Very sorry, I’ve been swamped and haven’t even gotten to start yet. Will do my best to make a dent tonight and get this finished for you by EOD tomorrow.

Thanks,
[redacted]

From: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt;[redacted]&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 3:36 PM
To: [redacted] &lt;[redacted]&gt;
Subject: Checking in on Epstein FOIA Review

Hi [redacted],

Sorry to bug you on this, but for planning purposes I wanted to check in on the Tartaglione review of the second half of the Epstein FOIA documents. Can you share any sense of when your review will be complete?

Thanks,
[redacted]
Assistant United States Attorney
300 Quarropas Street
White Plains, NY 10601
[redacted]

EFTA00027396