From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: CBP Question
Date: Tue, 21 Sep 2021 16:28:17 +0000

Thanks!

From:
Sent: Tuesday, September 21, 2021 12:09 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: CBP Question

Hi

I ran travel for both Maxwell and Epstein between 1/1/1997 to 2/1/2000.

After reviewing the travel details, the dates that correlate or are near the dates listed for [redacted] are listed below. These are listed as INBOUND records.

Jeffrey Epstein:
- 12/11/1999
- 1/21/2000

Ghislaine Maxwell
- 6/23/1997
- 8/6/1997
- 7/20/1998
- 7/24/1998
- 12/18/1999
- 1/21/2000

I included 6/23/1997 and 8/6/1997 because between those dates GM traveled OUTBOUND. The same for 7/20/1998-7/24/1998.

I attached each individual records as well as the full travel records for 1/1/1997-2/1/2000.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 10:55 PM
To:

EFTA00029610

Ec: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - FW: CBP Question

Hi [REDACTED]

Could you please take a look at these and let us know if any of these dates line up with Maxwell or Epstein's travel?

Thanks!

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 10:49 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: CBP Question

Hey [REDACTED]

Attached are the travel records as requested. However, it's the same issue as last time..since the outbound departures were not recorded during that timeframe it only shows the inbound arrivals. Any questions or concerns don't hesitate to reach out.

Respectfully,

U.S. Customs and Border Protection
Task Force Officer - SDNY
US Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York

[REDACTED]

(LES/FOUO) LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE - FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

WARNING:

The information contained in this email is considered confidential and sensitive in nature as well as sensitive but unclassified and/or legally privileged information. It is not to be released to the media, the general public, or to non-law enforcement personnel who do not have a "need-to-know". This information is not to be posted on the Internet, or disseminated through unsecured channels, and is intended for law enforcement personnel only. It is solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Unauthorized interception, review, use or disclosure is prohibited and may violate applicable laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and destroy all copies of the communication.

DISSEMINATION INSTRUCTIONS: This document is marked Law Enforcement Sensitive/For Official Use Only and may be disseminated, with proper attribution, to Law Enforcement, DOD, or U.S. Intelligence Agencies. Further disclosure to unauthorized entities could jeopardize ongoing investigations, operations, and personal safety. This product shall not be released to the public or media.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 2:11 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: CBP Question

Thanks so much! Can you please pull the CBP records for [REDACTED]? We would like the CBP records for the 1990s only. Her date of birth is [REDACTED] She is French. Please let us know if you need any other information. Thanks again!

EFTA00029611

From:
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 1:50 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: CBP Question

Hey

Sure no problem, send over the info you need and I’ll work on it today.

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 20, 2021, at 1:42 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Hi

I hope you are doing well. We were hoping you could pull some additional CBP records for us. Are you able to assist us with that this week?

Thanks so much.

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 5:31 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: CBP Question

Hey

Sorry I was on the road but I spoke with [redacted] the filled me in on what your looking for. I’m also available for a call to further discuss.

Respectfully,

U.S. Customs and Border Protection
Task Force Officer - SDNY
US Attorney’s Office
Southern District of New York

[redacted]

(LES/FOUO) LAW ENFORCEMENT SENSITIVE - FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

WARNING:
The information contained in this email is considered confidential and sensitive in nature as well as sensitive but unclassified and/or legally privileged information. It is not to be released to the media, the general public, or to non-law enforcement personnel who do not have a "need-to-know". This information is not to be posted on the Internet, or disseminated through unsecured channels, and is intended for law enforcement personnel only. It is solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Unauthorized interception, review, use or disclosure is prohibited and may violate applicable

EFTA00029612

laws including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and destroy all copies of the communication.

DISSEMINATION INSTRUCTIONS: This document is marked Law Enforcement Sensitive/For Official Use Only and may be disseminated, with proper attribution, to Law Enforcement, DOD, or U.S. Intelligence Agencies. Further disclosure to unauthorized entities could jeopardize ongoing investigations, operations, and personal safety. This product shall not be released to the public or media.

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 29, 2021 3:56:15 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: CBP Question

CAUTION: This email originated from outside of DHS. DO NOT click links or open attachments unless you recognize and/or trust the sender. If you feel this is a suspicious-looking email, please report by using the Report Phish button option.

Hi

I hope you are well! [redacted] passed along your info to us. We were hoping to connect with you by phone about a question in one of our cases. Do you have time to talk today or tomorrow morning?

Thanks so much!

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00029613