From: USDOJ-Office of Public Affairs <usdoj-officeofpublicaffairs@public.govdelivery.com>

To: &lt;

Subject: STATEMENT FROM ATTORNEY GENERAL WILLIAM P. BARR ON THE DEATH OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN

Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 16:35:16 +0000

seal - centered header for gov delivery

The United States Department of Justice

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 2019

STATEMENT FROM ATTORNEY GENERAL WILLIAM P. BARR ON THE DEATH OF JEFFREY EPSTEIN

EFTA00027258</usdoj-officeofpublicaffairs@public.govdelivery.com>

WASHINGTON – Attorney General William P. Barr issued the following statement:

"I was appalled to learn that Jeffrey Epstein was found dead early this morning from an apparent suicide while in federal custody. Mr. Epstein’s death raises serious questions that must be answered. In addition to the FBI’s investigation, I have consulted with the Inspector General who is opening an investigation into the circumstances of Mr. Epstein’s death."

# #

AG

19-855

Do not reply to this message. If you have questions, please use the contacts in the message or call the Office of Public Affairs at 202-514-2007.

Follow us: Two Weeks Facts You Ins
This email was sent to [redacted] using GovDelivery, on behalf of U.S. Department of Justice Office of Public Affairs - 950 Pennsylvania Ave., NW - Washington, DC 20530 - 202-514-2007 - TTY (866) 544-5309. GovDelivery may not use your subscription information for any other purposes. Click here to unsubscribe.

Department of Justice Privacy Policy | GovDelivery Privacy Policy

EFTA00027259