From: " " " (USANYS)" &lt;" " " (USANYS)" &gt;
To: " " " (USANYS)" &lt;" " " (USANYS)" &gt;
Cc: " " " (USANYS)" &lt;" " " (USANYS)" &gt;

Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Response to Government's Letters re: Accuser-3's Evidence
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2021 16:25:36 +0000
Attachments: 2021.11.11_Letter_to_Judge_Nathan_re_Response_to_Government_Letters_re_Accuser-3_Evidence.PDF
Inline-Images: image001.gif; image002.jpg

Hi

Attached is the defense response on MV-3.

Thanks,

From: Christian Everdell &lt;" " " &gt;
Sent: Thursday, November 11, 2021 11:58 PM
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers &lt;" " " &gt;
Cc: " " " (USANYS) &lt;" " " ; Jeff Pagliuca &lt;" " " ; Laura Menninger ; BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;" " " &gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Response to Government's Letters re: Accuser-3's Evidence

Dear Chambers –

Attached please find Ms. Maxwell’s response to the government’s letters, dated November 5, 2021 and November 7, 2021, regarding Accuser-3’s evidence. Pursuant to our established protocol, we are submitting the letter to the Court under temporary seal to allow the government to propose any redactions it deems necessary.

Respectfully submitted,

Christian R Everdell

COHEN &amp; GRESSER LLP

800 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10021
[New York Logo] | view bio
www.cohengresser.com

New York | Paris | Washington DC | London

EFTA00027663

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you.

PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: https://www.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy.

EFTA00027664