EFTA00028373

From: " " " " " " " " "
To: " " " " " " " " "
Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Epstein
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 02:19:34 +0000
Importance: Normal

Sure, thanks – and yes, quite the weekend. If it’s alright with you, let’s do 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday – you can reach us at
or we can also call you then if that’s easier, whatever you prefer.

thanks,

From: [ ]
Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 18:51
To: [ ] &lt; [ ]
Cc: [ ] &lt; [ ] &gt;, [ ] &lt; [ ]
Subject: Re: Epstein

Hi [ ]

No need to take any more time out of what I’m sure was a busy weekend for you. Let’s set a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for you.

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer’s Plaza | 4th Floor
Miami Florida 33129
t. [ ]
f. [ ]
e. [ ]
www.crimlawfirm.com

On Jul 7, 2019, at 4:04 PM, [ ] &lt; [ ] &gt; wrote: [ ]

Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before

you meet with Ms. [redacted], if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in touch.

thank you,

[redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: [redacted]
Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:55
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted]&gt;
Subject: [redacted] - Epstein

Begin forwarded message:

From: [redacted]
Date: July 6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]
Subject: [redacted] - Epstein
Mr. [redacted]

My former partner, Alan Ross, represented [redacted] (now known as [redacted]), prior to his passing in 2018. Agent [redacted] served Ms. [redacted] with a grand jury subpoena earlier today, and as Alan's former partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you.

Look forward to speaking with you.

Best,

[redacted]

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer's Plaza | 4th Floor
[redacted]
Miami Florida 33129

e. [redacted]
www.crimlawfirm.com

EFTA00028374