From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Cc: _______________________________

Subject: RE: travel approval request

Date: Fri, 24 May 2019 18:57:06 +0000

Importance: Normal

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows).

Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either be me and __________ or __________ and __________, but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please.

thanks very much,

From: _______________________________

Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57

To: _______________________________

Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thank you

From: _______________________________

Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46

To: _______________________________

Cc: _______________________________

Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, __________ wrote: __________

For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, __________ and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much.

EFTA00028673

From:
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32
To:
Cc:
Subject: travel approval request

and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on Saturday.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00028674