From: "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " " " &gt;&gt;
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 17:33:46 +0000
Attachments: 2021-10-15_GM_letter_re_MDC_legal_mail_v2_to_chiefs.pdf

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 1:31 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;;
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

I am looking on phone can you send in PDF

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 15, 2021, at 1:29 PM, (USANYS) &lt;&gt; wrote:

Attached is a draft response due today at 5 pm. We still need to send this letter to [REDACTED] and Sophia at the MDC to review for accuracy. Do you think you will be able to review shortly or should I send them this draft simultaneously? We highlighted some language for your consideration about Judge Nathan's deadlines, happy to discuss. We haven't engaged with the defense's footnote 1 about the volume of the materials delivered because that is a little more complicated and we want to make sure any representations are fully accurate, but happy to discuss.

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 10:30 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;;
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Thanks. (We've really got to talk to Nathan about these deadlines!)

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 10:30 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt;;

EFTA00027749

Cc: ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Hi ☎️, ☎️

Judge Nathan just ordered us to respond to this letter as soon as possible but no later than 5 pm today. We’ve reached out to BOP to set up a call.

Thanks, ☎️

From: ☐ (USANYS) &lt;☐&gt;
Sent: Thursday, October 14, 2021 8:31 PM
To: ☐ (USANYS) &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ (USANYS) &lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; Cc: ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

FYI, letter filed by Bobbi Sternheim tonight.

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>
Sent: Thursday, October 14, 2021 7:46 PM
To: ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ (USANYS) &lt;☐&gt;; ☐ &lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; ☐&lt;☐&gt;; Cc: Christian Everdell &lt;☐&gt;; Laura Menninger ☐; Jeff Pagliuca ☐
Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Good evening-
Attached is a courtesy copy of this evening’s ECF filing.
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
New York, NY 10007
☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

&lt;2021-10-15 GM letter re MDC legal mail v2 [to chiefs].docx&gt;

EFTA00027750</bcsternheim@mac.com>

<ltr 10-14-21.pdf="" ctre="" mail="" re="" to="" z="">

EFTA00027751</ltr>