UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

--- x
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
--- v. -
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.
--- x

NOLLE PROSEQUI
19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

1. The filing of this nolle prosequi will dispose of this case with respect to JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant.

2. On July 2, 2019, Indictment 19 Cr. 490 (the "Indictment") was returned, charging JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, with one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking of minors, in violation of 18 U.S.C. ยง 371, and one count of sex trafficking of minors, in violation of 18 U.S.C. ยง 1591.

3. On or about August 10, 2019, while the above-captioned case was pending, but prior to any trial or other disposition, JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, died [committed suicide?]. Attached hereto as Exhibit A is a true and correct copy of the death certificate for the defendant.

4. In view of the death of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, the defendant, prior to a conviction becoming final, the Government is required to seek dismissal of the Indictment with respect to him.

EFTA00027155

Accordingly, I recommend that an order of **nolle prosequi** be filed as to defendant EPSTEIN.

Dated: New York, New York
August 15, 2019

/ / Assistant United States Attorneys

Upon the foregoing recommendation, I hereby direct, with leave of the Court, that an order of **nolle prosequi** be filed as to defendant JEFFREY EPSTEIN.

Dated: New York, New York
August __, 2019

United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

SO ORDERED:

Dated: New York, New York
August __, 2019

Hon. Richard M. Berman
United States District Judge
Southern District of New York

EFTA00027156