From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: Ex-SFO Boss Says Collusion Claims Were 'Drunken Boasts'
Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2021 07:34:39 +0000  |
| --- |

WHITE COLLAR

Wednesday, July 14, 2021

Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Ex-SFO Boss Says Collusion Claims Were 'Drunken Boasts'

A former SFO chief defended his decision not to investigate "absurd" accusations that the agency fed insider information to help a Dechert attorney win work on high-profile fraud cases, testifying Tuesday that these were "probably the boasts of a man in drink."

Read full article »

## Exclusive

## NFL Concussion Deal Masters Say Atty Fabricated Evidence

A Florida attorney accused of swindling NFL players out of their life savings also "engaged in a wide-ranging, long-standing, and brazen pattern and practice of manufacturing evidence" for concussion settlement payout claims, the settlement's special masters found in a recent decision to disqualify the lawyer and his former firm.

Motion attached | Read full article »

## Manafort Banker Convicted Of Bribery

Former Federal Savings Bank CEO Stephen Calk on Tuesday was convicted of financial institution bribery and conspiracy, over allegations that the banker sought to exchange $16 million in loans to Paul Manafort for his help in getting a job in the administration of former President Donald Trump.

Read full article »

## FCC Tightens Rules To Eradicate Contraband Phones In Jails

To crack down on extortion plots perpetrated from inside prisons and jails, the Federal Communications Commission is requiring mobile providers to shut down contraband cellphones in correctional facilities.

Order attached | Read full article »

## Q&amp;A

## Ex-Grassley Atty Says Trust Is Key To Whistleblower Venture

Jason Foster, ex-chief investigative counsel to former Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, speaks to Law360 about the mission behind his new nonprofit Empower Oversight, an organization that will assist whistleblowers in government and corporate America.

Read full article »

## Feds Want 18 Mos. For Man Who Threatened Flynn Judge

Federal prosecutors have recommended 18 months in prison for a man who threatened to assault and murder the D.C. federal judge overseeing the politically charged criminal case of ex-Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

Law360 Pulse

Law360 Rising Stars 2021

## LAW FIRMS

Blackstone Chambers
Boyden Gray &amp; Associates
BrownGreer PLC
Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner
Chalmers &amp; Adams
Chartash Law
Cloth Fair Chambers
Clyde &amp; Co
Cooley LLP
Cotsirilos Tighe
Cozen O'Connor
Davis Polk
Dechert
Dickinson Wright
Dornan Troia
Duane Morris LLP
Eckert Seamans
Erskine Chambers
Essex Court Chambers
Eversheds Sutherland
Hogan Lovells
Johnson &amp; Mock
Jones Day
Kramer Levin
Loeb &amp; Loeb

EFTA00029606</table>

EFT A00029607

# COMPLIANCE

## Rail Execs Plead Guilty In Worker Safety Case After Explosion

The owners of a rail car cleaning service that employed two workers killed in a 2015 explosion pled guilty Monday to charges related to the deaths, which prosecutors said came after a history of safety violations.

Read full article »

# SECURITIES

## 7th Circ. Again Upholds First Market Spoofing Conviction

The Seventh Circuit upheld the conviction and sentence for the first trader ever found guilty of spoofing the commodities market for a second time Monday, rejecting his argument that conflicted counsel and newly acquired evidence were enough to receive a new trial.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »

## SEC Seeks $6.4M From Duo In Cannabis Investment Scheme

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission wants a self-styled movie producer and his business partner to pay nearly $6.4 million for allegedly defrauding investors out of $4.85 million in a would-be recreational cannabis business.

*Motion attached | Read full article »

# INSURANCE

## Ga. Insurance Commissioner Embezzled $2M, Jury Told

Georgia's suspended insurance commissioner Jim C. Beck duped friends and family into helping him embezzle more than $2 million from the state-regulated insurance association he used to run, a federal jury heard during trial openings Tuesday.

*Indictment attached | Read full article »

## Insurer Hits Banks With Suit Over $19M Wire Fraud

An insurer asked a federal judge in Texas to order banks including Bank of America and other institutions to freeze and return nearly $20 million it said it was tricked into wiring.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »

# TAX

## Feds Fight Architect's Bid To Split Tribal Bribery Case

Federal prosecutors said Monday that tax charges against a former Massachusetts tribal chair should be tried at the same time as claims he accepted bribes from an architect in connection with a casino project.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »

## 2nd Circ. Affirms $4.3M FBAR Penalty, Says Old Reg Invalid

The U.S. government can collect a $4.3 million foreign bank account reporting penalty from a man's estate after a split Second Circuit said Tuesday that a 1980s-era regulation capping the penalty was supplanted by a statutory amendment.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »

# PEOPLE

## Cooley Adds Experienced NY Prosecutor To Litigation Group

A former New York federal prosecutor who led the prosecutions of many high-profile figures, including former attorney Michael Cohen and financier Jeffrey Martin G. Weinberg Attorney at Law

Offit Kurman
One Essex Court
Price Benowitz
Reed Smith
Robbins Russell
Slaughter and May
Stoel Rives
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Three Raymond Buildings
Winston &amp; Strawn

# COMPANIES

Alstom SA
American Bar Association
American Civil Liberties Union
Apple Inc.
Bank of America Corp.
Brooklyn Law School
CME Group Inc.
CTIA
Facebook Inc.
Federal National Mortgage Association
Google LLC
Legal Services NYC
LinkedIn Corp.
Michelin Group
NFL Enterprises LLC
Old Republic International Corp.
Platinum Partners LP
Spotify Technology SA
The Coca-Cola Co.
Twitter Inc.
Vertex Inc.
Washington Post Co.

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Communications Commission
Federal Judicial Center
Internal Revenue Service
Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe
Occupational Safety and Health Administration
Serious Fraud Office
U.S. Army
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts

Epstein, has joined Cooley LLP's growing global litigation group, the firm announced Tuesday.

Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Digging Into FCA Stats: In-House Litigation Budget Insights

A deep dive into data about False Claims Act cases, beyond the U.S. Department of Justice's annual statistics, reveals trends that could affect in-house counsel budgeting for FCA litigation and enable better assessment of what life as an FCA defendant may look like, says Ralph Mayrell at Robbins Russell.

Read full article »

## Keys To Efficient And Accurate Doc Review For E-Discovery

Attorneys involved in e-discovery can review information accurately and cost-effectively by understanding the data in a document collection and identifying its key pitfalls, drafting comprehensive review guidelines, and preparing ahead, says John Wertelet at Eckert Seamans.

Read full article »

Law360 Pulse

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

## Duane Morris' McSwain To Trump: Pa. Election A 'Disgrace'

Duane Morris partner William McSwain, a former Philadelphia federal prosecutor with his eyes on the Pennsylvania's governor's office, called the state's presidential election a "partisan disgrace" in a bid for Donald Trump's backing.

Read full article »

## Davis Polk Will Try Out Attys Returning To Office Most Days

Davis Polk &amp; Wardwell LLP will require attorneys to report to the office at least seven out of every 10 business days starting in September, the firm confirmed to Law360 on Tuesday, making it the latest major law firm to announce plans for more of its lawyers to be back at the office in the fall.

Read full article »

## Atty Moves Up The Coke Chain To GC For North America

A longtime Coca-Cola attorney has been promoted to general counsel for North America, he said in a LinkedIn post Monday, the latest change in the beverage giant's legal department this year.

Read full article »

## Facebook Hires ACLU Atty For Civil Rights Team

Facebook Inc. has hired an American Civil Liberties Union legislative attorney to serve as associate general counsel for its civil rights team.

Read full article »

Podcast

## Pro Say Movie Club: 'Legally Blonde'

Twenty years ago today, sorority queen Elle Woods proved that law school was for more than just people who were "boring and ugly and serious" as she conquered Harvard Law in the iconic 2001 comedy "Legally Blonde."

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Georgia
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of the Treasury
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
U.S. District Court for the District of Nebraska
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Supreme Court

EFTA00029608

EFTA00029609

ASSOCIATE – BUSINESS LITIGATION
(HARTFORD, CT)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
Hartford, Connecticut

NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM
SEEKS PARTNERS
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

Elite NYC mid-sized FULL SERVICE law
firm seek WHITE COLLAR PARTNER
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

Mid-Level Litigation Associate
Corr Cronin LLP
Seattle, Washington

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011