# Fact Witness Travel Request (Domestic Witness Travel)

AUSA, see instructions below.

To: SDNY Victim/Witness Unit

From: AUSA

Date: November 9, 2021

Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

Court Docket No: 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)
USAO No: 2018R01618

Witness Name:

Witness DOB:

(Name/DOB as printed here will be forwarded to travel agency and then to TSA and must exactly match the witness's driver's license or other travel ID or TSA will not permit the witness to fly.)

Witness Address: FL

Witness TelNos (mobile):

Witness e-mail:

Witness Needed to Appear in SDNY on Date: December 2, 2021
Time: 12:30 PM

Witness Needed to Appear for:
Trial ( ☑ ) Date: December 2, 2021 – December 3, 2021
Grand Jury ( ☐ ) Date:
Trial Prep ( ☐ ) Date:

Estimated Dates Witness will Arrive: December 1, 2021 (evening)
Depart: December 3, 2021 (evening)

Is the person a Fact Witness and not an Expert Witness? (Yes/No): ☐ Yes
Current Federal Civilian or Military Employee? (Yes/No): ☐ No
Is the Witness Facing Criminal Charges? (Yes/No): ☐ No
Does the Witness Reside Outside the Continental United States? (Yes/No): ☐ No
Is this Witness a Victim-Witness? (Yes/No): ☐ No
Hotel Required? (Yes/No): ☐ Yes
Has the Witness advised you of any unusual travel expenses? (Yes/No): ☐ No
Unusual expenses of fact witnesses can include
- special travel arrangements
- care for dependent child or incapacitated family member left at home
- kennel fees for pets

rev. 2019.11.19
EFTA00027651

- necessary travel companion
- extra baggage (more than one bag)

Please describe the unusual expense:

For Victim-Witness Coordinator:
1. (For UEFW other than travel, which must be itemized and approved in advance:) This UEFW is apparently within VWC approval authority and tentatively approved pending receipt(s) for UEFW expenses (Yes/No): _____

2. Other VWC comments:

VWC Initials and Date: ___________________________

Instructions to AUSA:
- Use this form for all fact witnesses within the U.S. except government employees and military personnel, for whom a Request for Armed Forces or Government-Employee Witness should be used.
- For foreign witnesses, use the International Witness Travel Request. Complete an Early or Extended stay memo if the witness is being brought in more than 3 business days prior to court/GJ testimony.
- Witnesses may only be brought in under the FEWS appropriation for grand jury testimony that has been scheduled and where the witness is expected to testify before the grand jury; court testimony; or preparation for same. Any other witness travel, e.g., for investigative interviews, must be covered by the investigating component from litigative funds. See __________.
- See generally DOJ Instruction 1300.01.01 (approved 9/28/2018) and sources referenced therein.

rev. 2019.11.19

EFTA00027652