EFTA00028367

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re:  - Epstein
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 02:13:20 +0000
Importance: Normal

Morning is wide open for me.

On Jul 7, 2019, at 10:11 PM,  &lt; &gt; wrote:

I'm free, but if possible can we do it a bit earlier, so we have time to brief the Florida approach agents? I think they fly out Tuesday afternoon (but I could be wrong about that).

From:  &lt; &gt;
Sent: Sunday, July 7, 2019 10:10 PM
To:  &lt; &gt;;  &lt; &gt;;
Subject: FW:  - Epstein

10:30 okay for you guys on Tuesday?

From: Joe Nascimento &lt; &gt;
Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 18:51
To:  &lt; &gt;
Cc:  &lt; &gt;;  &lt; &gt;;
Subject: Re:  - Epstein

Hi ,

No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. Let's set a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for you.

Thanks,

Joe

Sent from my iPhone

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer's Plaza | 4th Floor
2250 S.W. 3rd Avenue
Miami Florida 33129

t.  &lt; &gt;
f.  &lt; &gt;
e.  &lt; &gt;
www.crimlawfirm.com

On Jul 7, 2019, at 4:04 PM, ______________________ &gt; wrote:

Joe,

Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before you meet with __________, if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in touch.

thank you,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: Joe Nascimento &lt; &gt;
Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:55
To: &lt; &gt;
Subject: &gt; - Epstein

Begin forwarded message:

From: ______________________
Date: July 6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;
Subject: &gt; - Epstein

My former partner, Alan Ross, represented ______________________, prior to his passing in 2018. Agent ______________________ served ______________________ with a grand jury subpoena earlier today, and as Alan’s former partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you.

Look forward to speaking with you.

Best,

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer’s Plaza | 4th Floor
Miami Florida 33129
t. ______________________

EFTA00028368

f. [blank]
e. [blank]
www.crimlawfirm.com

EFTA00028369