From: Stuart Kaplan &lt;&gt;
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: "[REDACTED]" (NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: [EXTERNAL]
Date: Mon, 27 Sep 2021 16:18:29 +0000
Inline-Images: image003.png

Ms. [REDACTED]
As I understand now your office has been advised that I have been formerly retained by Retired FBI Special Agent [REDACTED] in connection with her being subpoenaed to testify in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell case pending in the SDNY.
Ms. [REDACTED] has conveyed some concerns about her inability to properly prepare for her testimony whether for the prosecution or defense given that she has not been given a copy of the 1A notes that were originally prepared in preparation to the FD-302 written that she may be called to testify about. (I will be able to elaborate via tel/cal with you).
Additionally, my client was interviewed by Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) just prior to her retirement. This interview was given under oath and in connection with her recollection of events of the Jeffrey Espstein investigation. (I can of course elaborate further via tel/cal with you.)
Please feel free to reach out to me at your earliest convenience to discuss further.
In the interim, moving forward all direct or indirect contact with Ms. [REDACTED] should be coordinated through my office.
Thank you.
Stuart N. Kaplan, Esq.
Managing Partner

LAW OFFICES
**STUART N. KAPLAN, P.A.**
A PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATION
3399 PGA Blvd. Ste 150 | Palm Beach Gardens | FL 33410
561/296-7900 Tele. | 561/296-7919 Fax
[REDACTED] | www.stuartnkaplanpa.com

**CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE**
This e-mail message from The Law Office of Stuart N. Kaplan, P.A., is intended only for the individual or entity to which it is addressed. This e-mail may contain information that is privileged, confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you received this e-mail by accident, please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail and all copies of it.

EFTA00027584