From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [

Subject: Re: Maxwell Clip (Email 1 of 11)

Date: Wed, 27 May 2020 22:09:20 +0000

Ok good will try that

Sent from my iPhone

On May 27, 2020, at 5:44 PM, (USANYS) [ ] &gt; wrote:

I would recommend headphones. The speakers on our laptops are terrible. I can see if there's a way for me to boost the volume though.

On May 27, 2020, at 5:41 PM, (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Volume is very low even if I turn my volume to highest.

From: (USANYS) [ ]

Sent: Wednesday, May 27, 2020 3:37 PM

To: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt; [redacted]; (USANYS) &lt; [redacted]; (USANYS) &lt; [redacted]

Subject: Maxwell Clip (Email 1 of 11)

Will attempt to send all of them via email. Sorry for the quality. Should be 11 emails. This is #1. Corresponds to the following transcript passage in the pros memo (with some additional time before and after):

Q: Did you ever give a massage to anyone other than Mr. Epstein at any of Mr. Epstein's properties?

A: First of all, I never said I gave Mr. Epstein a massage.

Q: I will ask that question if you want, but I was focusing on people other than Mr. Epstein right now.

A: I don't give massages.

Q: Let's just tie that down. Is it your testimony that you've never given anybody a massage?

A: I have not given anyone a massage.

Q: You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony?

A: That is my testimony.

Q: You never gave [redacted] a massage is your testimony?

A: I never gave [redacted] a massage.

EFTA00027458