From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Epstein
Date: Fri, 18 Jan 2019 15:31:46 +0000
Importance: Normal

Yeah that's perfect, I'm still on my way back from the airport now. And we'll get you fully briefed up and we'll have a full team proposal in terms of going forward then when we meet with the chiefs.

I had a Red Bull so my head is back in the game :)

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 18, 2019, at 10:14. [red bull] wrote:

Ok sounds good.

From:
Sent: Friday, January 18, 2019 10:13 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein

Really sorry—I'm in meetings all day, and so is [red bull]. But we wanted to meet as a team before meeting with the chiefs anyway, so why don't we do this: We can meet internally as a team at 4:30, and then [red bull] and I will loop in the chiefs at 5?

From:
Sent: Friday, January 18, 2019 10:11 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein

Oy, ok. I am sorry you are so tired! I have to leave at 5 to do pick up. Counting the days until [red bull] gets back. Any chance we can do this at 4:30?

From:
Sent: Friday, January 18, 2019 9:10 AM
To:
Subject: Fwd: Epstein

I was hoping we'd have time to catch up internally before meeting with chiefs but looks like that won't be successful. You both available for a quick mtg later this morning and then we can debrief them? I think [red bull] has trial witness prep but maybe we can grab even ten mins. Ugh I'm so exhausted.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

EFTA00028146

From:
Date: January 18, 2019 at 09:05:22 EST
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Epstein

I'm traveling back today, could we set a time for Monday? Once I get in later I'm slammed with stuff that has come up the past few days in other cases.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 18, 2019, at 08:51, (USANYS)  $\leftarrow$  wrote:

You guys back? Can we circle up this morning? Definitely want to hear more about the trip. and I have something at 11:30 but I at least am free before/after.

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00028147