From:
To:
Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --
Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 17:12:33 +0000

Thank you!

From:
Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 11:01 AM
To:
Subject: FW: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --

Good luck!

cc:
Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel:

From:
Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM
To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <usanys-criminalausas@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <usanys-criminalparalegals@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <usanys-investigators@usa.doj.gov>
Cc:
Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --
Papers

There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York.

It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable.

[redacted] will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow.
Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318
Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is also a conference room on the first floor (room 130) that has a very small monitor with a live feed just for our office.
Timing: we'll start at 8:30 a.m. with peremptory challenges, and we expect to go straight to preliminary instructions and opening statements. In order to get a seat, we'd recommend that you go over early.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00029418</usanys-investigators@usa.doj.gov></usanys-criminalparalegals@usa.doj.gov></usanys-criminalausas@usa.doj.gov>

One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00029419