From: _______________________________________________________________&gt;
To: Alex Conlon &lt;____________________________________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation / interview
Date: Wed, 22 May 2019 14:59:04 +0000
Importance: Normal

Sounds good, thanks.

From: Alex Conlon &lt;____________________________________________________&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 22:35
To: _______________________________________________________________&gt;
Subject: Re: SDNY investigation / interview

Thanks so much. I let __________ know who is planning to attend the meeting from your office and haven't heard anything back from her about that. I expect that means she's fine with it, but if anything changes I'll let you know.

Thanks again,
Alex

Get Outlook for iOS

From: _______________________________________________________________&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 7:24:38 PM
To: Alex Conlon
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation / interview

If either or both of the other individuals want to reach out to us, that's totally fine and they can call __________ in the first instance -- her cell is __________, and they can call her literally anytime (and can leave a message with their contact info if for whatever reason she's not able to pick up when they call).

Separately, we're confirmed for Thursday at 4:30. One heads up, as I mentioned was a possibility, the AUSAs will be me and my colleague __________. __________ is also traveling, so __________ is available, but please let us know if you think it would be prudent (and/or if __________ prefers) that we have another female agent join, in case there are topics __________ would prefer that __________ and I step out for. No pressure or obligation either way, just wanted to mention it as a possibility.

Please let me know if I'm forgetting anything, and thanks very much.

---

---Original Message---

From: Alex Conlon &lt;____________________________________________________&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 17:57
To: _______________________________________________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation / interview

Oh, also -- __________ asked for the contact information she can give in case the people she reaches out to want to affirmatively reach out to you or one of your colleagues to arrange a meeting with you.

I wasn't sure if I should give her __________ contact info or yours. Please let me know and I'll pass that on right away.

EFTA00027744

Thanks,
Alex

Alex Conlon | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

---Original Message---

From: _______________________________&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, May 21, 2019 4:11 PM
To: Alex Conlon &lt;____________________&gt;
Subject: Re: SDNY investigation / interview

Just need the day of the week : )

Sent from my iPhone

On May 21, 2019, at 16:07, Conlon &lt;____________________&gt; wrote:
Hi _______________________________&gt;

I just tried to reach you at your desk, but missed you.

________________________ is available to meet this week at 4:30 at our office if that works for you. Also, she plans to make the phone calls we discussed today and tomorrow on her own. She will contact me once she has connected with two individuals she's reaching out to and I will reach out to you in turn.

Happy to discuss anything, if that's helpful.

Thanks,
Alex

Alex Conlon | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

&lt;mailto:________________________

EFTA00027745

From:
Sent: Tuesday, May 14, 2019 4:49 PM
To: Alex Conlon <mailto:><mailto:><mailto:><br/>Cc: Alexandra Elenowitz-Hess
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation / interview

Alex,

Just tried calling but missed you – wanted to briefly follow up on our conversation last week to let you know that we certainly don’t have any objection to someone from your firm (whether attorney or staff) taking notes in connection with Ms. [redacted] conversations to tell the individuals we discussed that our office is interested in speaking with them. I expect we might request a copy of the notes, and, as discussed, whoever is with her would be a potential, theoretical witness, but no issue on our end with any of that.

Separately, if it’s possible, could you please ask Ms. [redacted] if there is a time next week or the following that we could meet with her? We’re hoping to cover all the information we need to in this first set of discussions before June, when I think it will be even more inconvenient for her to meet. I expect the next meeting will address difficult topics, including Giglio subjects and some review of Epstein’s conduct with Ms. [redacted] in particular; but, I also expect that once we get through those issues, we won’t need to meet with her again for at least a little while.

We can generally make ourselves available whenever works on her end, with some combination of our team (e.g., if it’s the latter half of next week, will likely be me and our new team member [redacted], but let us know if there are any issues with that), and as always can work around her schedule. And happy to come to your office for the final push.

Don’t hesitate to give a call if any other info would be helpful, or if any questions or issues, and thanks very much.

[redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

[redacted]

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00027746</mailto:></mailto:>