From: "Weinstein, Marc A." &lt;

To: "

Cc: &gt;, Andrew Tomback &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein - false warranty deed

Date: Wed, 11 Nov 2020 14:24:32 +0000

Thanks

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner

Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

From:

Sent: Tuesday, November 10, 2020 12:23 PM

To: Weinstein, Marc A. &lt;

Cc:

Andrew Tomback &lt;

Subject: Re: Epstein - false warranty deed

CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm.

Hi Marc,

Thanks for letting us know. I've shared this with my supervisors, who asked me to let you know that our office is declining to open an investigation. However, please feel free to contact local authorities.

Best,

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 9, 2020, at 4:43 PM, Weinstein, Marc A. &lt;wrote:

Attached is the warranty deed filed for the Palm Beach property which we believe to be fabricated. As mentioned, we understand there has been a similar deed filed for the New Mexico property.

EFTA00029068

Best regards,
Marc

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner

Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

<or 31849="" 39="" wd.pdf="">

EFTA00029069</or>