EFTA00027247

From:
To:

Subject: Fwd: Hi Mr. Lavinsky
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2019 11:47:59 +0000

As discussed yesterday.

Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos.

Special Agent
Office of the Inspector General
New York, NY 10004
Cell
Office

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: August 21, 2019 at 10:57:48 AM EDT
To:
Cc:
Subject: FW: Hi Mr. Lavinsky

As discussed. See below email that was sent to John Lavinsky and share it with the Prosecutors and Investigative Team. Thanks.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 10:41 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: FW: Hi Mr. Lavinsky

Good morning,

I wanted to share the following email with you. [REDACTED] is a former BOP employee who now works as a kind of prison consultant, and he occasionally emails me with ideas about reforms for and problems at BOP. He is following the Epstein matter closely (through news reports) and he sent me the following email, in which he represents that he has suggested many detailed investigative steps to Representative Nadler’s staff. I am sharing this with you purely in the

chance that it is helpful as you think through your own investigative steps. Whether any, all, or none of these actions is useful is a decision I leave entirely to you and your colleagues on the investigation.

I am also copying  for her awareness and  because of the possibility that Nadler's staff will reach out to him.

Best,

From: Mail [mailto:
Sent: Sunday, August 18, 2019 8:29 AM
To:
Subject: Hi Mr. Lavinsky

I sent this to Mr. Nadler's people but I thought it would be equally beneficial to your people to connect dots.

“Hi Perry, as a follow up to my email the other day, I forgot to tell you that I operate mostly out of NY so I am also constituent o The Congressman.

As far as transparency, I would like to start with I am an Independent, not a BOP hater and feel both parties have not even a basic understanding of our Federal prison system policy, nuances or culture. This lack of understanding in combination with the lack of transparency and accountability is why things like the Epstein suicide and subsequent media frenzy occur:

Below are some more targeted things I would ask for which I did not see in Mr. Nadler's request:

1) The specific Annual Training Outline at NYM. This will include the suicide prevention training. They usually take theirs from a general outline submitted by the DC Correctional Programs Department but they have the liberty to modify and add to it. There should be one PowerPoint for the entire country.

2) You would also want the sign in sheet for the training which includes the staff members name and signature for the exact day they attended.

3) The individual regular (PP64) Intake and written Psychological Intake screening forms that Mr. Epstein completed! This info is transferred over after a physical interview to the PDS/BEMR system.

4) ALL PDS (Psychology Data System) and ALL BEMR (Bureau Electronic Medial Records). PDS is now incorporated into BEMR but I would be clear you want both. That would include the post-suicide watch report and all daily clinical contacts if they were properly documenting. This would also include the 30 day SHU review form which are sometimes cut and pasted without thought but I would imagine his would be actual and specific to his situation. The NYM psychology department actually has a fairly good reputation.

5) They have should have completed a CIM Packet for Broad Publicity BP-339 form!

6) The Unit Team should have classification related forms regarding an initial classification and subsequent program reviews. (See the pre-trial policy)

EFTA00027248

7) Someone from the unit team should have been making daily rounds which would be documented not only the BP-292 forms (Special Housing Record &amp; BP-295) but make sure you check the Unit Officers entrance log book to compare signatures, etc.

8) When it comes to log books, when I use to do suicide watch, they had a green government log book to note every 15 minutes plus people visiting the inmate would sign the book. Later in my career, most places converted to a separate, blue individual log for the person watching, plus the green log book noting the checks. This book was like the ones issues when we took tests in college. White paper, just 10 or so pages and the book retired after watch for inclusion with the re-Construction.

9) You would like to see if they did the "mock suicide" exercises per the policy and review their institution annual Operation Review for Psychology and most recent Program Review from DC. (every 2 to 3 years depending on previous review rating)

10) The suicide watch post orders for the officers and if the watch people signed the post orders.

11) Copy of the list of the actual inmate companions for the training and if the training was done.

12) SENTRY Transaction PP37, QTR which shows every single quarters change since he arrived.

13) SENTRY (I forget transaction #) which lists ALL assignments (inmate "Assignment History Report")

14) ALL "Administrative Detention Orders" - For instance, pre-trial inmates can sing themselves in for PC Or
Staff can admit them for "staff perception" of a threat. If it's staff perception, he can context and request a hearing in front of the DHO per policy.

15) Copies of ALL data on the "SHU Program" which is a separate data base than SENTRY as well as copies of the weekly SHU Review roster in the possession of Correctional Services.

There's actually more but I thought these would be helpful in your investigation.

These and other BOP issues need more micro management by the Deputy AG, in my humble opinion. They have been void of seasoned leadership for a long time. This quasi-militaristic organization could be changed rather quickly and I was disappointed that General Inch was undermined. If you have hearings, someone should debrief him on why he bailed so quick.

The answer to Federal Prison Reform is not the First Step Act or some Second Step legislation. We first need to abide by the current policy framework before we can reinvent the wheel. The BOP has great policy which can be broadened but questionable leadership, transparency and accountability. Many reforms can be accomplished without legislation, algorithms, blue ribbon commissions, etc...

Sincerely,

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00027249