From: " " " " " " " "
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: FW: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Date: Tue, 22 Oct 2019 14:23:54 +0000

Inline-Images: image003.jpg; image004.png; image005.jpg; image006.png

I'm fine with a conference call instead of Skype if that's what wants, but let me know if you guys disagree.

For , I won't be able to make it to a noon meeting. I need to run back to 500 Pearl at 11am and handle a proffer until our interview at 1. is there any way you could please handle meeting with at noon? If not, I'll see if Gloria can meet in the morning before the FBI thing.

From: Gloria Allred
Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 7:49 PM
To:  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Cc:  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -

I have 2 questions. First, would it be o.k. with all of you if we did the call with tomorrow at 4P.M. e.s.t as a conference call rather than as a Skype call? We will be in at least 4 different locations and I think it will be easier if we did it that way. If so, please send us the number to dial. Daniel from my co counsel Marianne Wang's office will also be joining us on the call. Also, re , my client who is flying in for victim services will be happy to speak with you, but I have a very tight schedule on Wednesday, because I need to be on a 1 or at the latest 2 P.M. train to D.C. that day. Could we have the meeting from noon to 1P.M.? My office is only one block away from the FBI meeting.

# Gloria Allred

Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500
Los Angeles, CA 90048

www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG 2019
Best Lawyers
Martindale-Hubbell
PREEMINENT
Also Read to Worcel Law
a preeminent Preeminer

From:  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Sent: Monday, October 21, 2019 6:40 AM
To: Gloria Allred  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Cc:  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (NY) (FBI)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 

Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

EFTA00028779

Gloria,

We will make ourselves available to meet with your new client on 10/23. Because the victim meeting is being run by the FBI, their victim services folks are handling travel logistics. I'm cc'ing [REDACTED], who should be able to hopefully help coordinate travel. Would you please provide [REDACTED] with your new client's name as it appears on her ID, date of birth, email address, and phone number?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: Gloria Allred <br/>
Sent: Friday, October 18, 2019 5:02 PM
To: [REDACTED] <br/>
Cc: [REDACTED] <br/>
Subject: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500
Los Angeles, CA 90048
www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG 2019
Best Lawyers
Martindale-Hubbell
A
PREEIMENT
This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [REDACTED]. Thank you.

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS

EFTA00028780

COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT [REDACTED] Thank you.

EFTA00028781