From: Alex Conlon @kaplanhecker.com&gt;
To: " " "
Subject: Fwd: Epstein
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 14:09:09 +0000

Hadn't gotten to connect with my colleagues yet but realizing I should have asked about the forfeiture issue. If you have time to talk later today about this, let me know.

Thanks,

Get Outlook for iOS

From: Jenna Dabbs &lt; @kaplanhecker.com&gt;
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 9:50:11 AM
To:  &lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;
Cc: Alex Conlon @kaplanhecker.com&gt;
Subject: Epstein

We were certainly saddened to see the news this morning, as I know all of you were. I appreciate that you have more pressing issues to deal with at the moment, but we are interested in whether you expect any aspect of the SDNY's investigation/case to continue, potentially a separate civil forfeiture proceeding, or possible criminal prosecutions against other defendants. We also understand that you may not be in a position to tell us anything at the moment, which is fine. Just anticipating and preparing for questions we expect to be asked. Separately, having had the experience of a defendant in a case I charged commit suicide, I wanted to add that it can be a complicated feeling, and to the extent it is helpful, I think you brought a really important case and conducted yourselves in a professional, compassionate and impressive way. So despite sad news, and frustrating news after putting so much work into filing a case and preparing to see it through, heads should be held high.

Best,

Jenna

Jenna Dabbs | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP
350 Fifth Avenue | Suite 7110
New York, New York 10118
(W)

EFTA00028541

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00028542