EFTA00029273

From: &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; | &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, &gt;, &gt;,

Subject: RE: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)
Date: Wed, 18 Nov 2020 05:15:46 +0000

that works

can call me at [redacted] and will come down

&gt;&gt;&gt;

From: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
CC: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; (USANYS)&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;

Date: 11/17/2020 9:09 PM

Subject: RE: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)

Thank you very much. I will aim to arrive between 9am and 9:30am tomorrow morning.

From: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, November 17, 2020 9:01 AM
To: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;

Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)

That's fine.

Can come between 0600 am and 1200 pm

&gt;&gt;&gt;

From: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;

Date: 11/17/2020 8:59 AM

Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)

Good morning,

We will have a new hard drive with a new discovery production for Maxwell ready tomorrow. Would it be alright if I brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please?

Thank you,

On Nov 16, 2020, at 2:01 PM, [REDACTED] [REDACTED] wrote:

<!--[if mso 9]--> <![endif]-->
Will do, thank you very much.
Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007
From: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]; (USANYS) [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] [REDACTED]

Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM
To: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]; (USANYS) [REDACTED]; (USANYS) [REDACT]

Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)
Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm.

&gt;&gt;&gt;
From: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [&gt;]
To: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] [REDACTED]; (USANYS) [REDACT]

Date: 11/16/2020 1:58 PM

Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)
Good afternoon,

I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) to use when reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which I will hand deliver with the laptop. I am available to make this delivery tomorrow. Would you please let me know what time I should arrive with the laptop?

My understanding from [REDACTED] is that I should bring the laptop to the East Building, located on 29th Street near 3rd Avenue and that I should go to the front lobby and ask for [REDACTED], who will then come and retrieve the laptop. Please let me know if that is correct, or if I should take any different steps. As always, I can be reached on my cellphone at [REDACTED] with any questions or concerns.

Thank you,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007
[REDACTED]

EFTA00029274