From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " (USANYS)"

Subject: FW: Amazon return

Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2021 20:25:52 +0000

Attachments: 2021.11.11_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.docx

Hey team,

Does one of you mind taking a quick look at the Amazon return? I'm not sure we should mark them as confidential (and, if so, we should also unmark the letter too).

Thanks,

From: [USANYS] [Contractor] &lt; [USANYS] [Contractor]

Sent: Thursday, November 11, 2021 1:43 PM

To: [USANYS] [Contractor]

Cc: [USANYS]

Subject: RE: Amazon return

These returns have been stamped here: \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Discovery\GM\37 Twenty-Eighth Production

Draft discovery cover letter is attached and saved here for your review.

From: [USANYS] [Contractor]

Sent: Thursday, November 11, 2021 9:46 AM

To: [USANYS] [Contractor]

Cc: [USANYS]

Subject: RE: Amazon return

Thanks, Sunny! Yes, good to go with this production.

From: [USANYS] [Contractor]

Sent: Thursday, November 11, 2021 9:29 AM

To: [USANYS] [Contractor]

Cc: [USANYS]

Subject: RE: Amazon return

I've added it to the pending Rule 16 production and have saved it to the trial subpoena returns folder here: \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Trial\Trial Subpoena Returns\Amazon\2021.11.10

Let me know if you want this pending Rule 16 production prepped to go out today with the 3500 and GX (right now the pending production just has these Amazon returns).

EFTA00027657

From:
Sent: Wednesday, November 10, 2021 11:09 PM
To: USANYS [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor]
Cc: USANYS
Subject: Amazon return
Hey and
Thanks again for all the help today! When you have a chance, would one of you mind adding this to the next Discovery folder and to a folder for Amazon subpoena returns?

Thanks!
Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 Saint Andrews Plaza
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00027658