EFTA00028319

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Fwd: Mark Epstein Threats (Possible Media)
Date: Fri, 26 Jun 2020 23:41:57 +0000

Poor

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Date: June 26, 2020 at 5:37:22 PM EDT
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " " " " " " " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;

Subject: Mark Epstein Threats (Possible Media)

Pardon the interruption:

A quick update on the Mark Epstein threats, in case this affects anyone. For those not previously involved with this, a fraudster in Iran has been tormenting Mark Epstein by email and text, pretending to be about 15 different people using fake email addresses and some spoofing. These personalities are variously offering to sell (Mark) Epstein money about his brother’s “murder,” extorting him for money by threatening to kill his kids, etc. The principal unifying thread is an attempt to get Epstein to send “them” $25K in bitcoin. Despite the now-obvious fact that the source is a fraud (which Epstein’s attorney knows and has repeatedly told him), Epstein keeps emailing with him, which only eggs the guy on. I’m writing now just to advise you that the latest threat is to provide media outlets information that Mark Epstein was involved in his brother’s sex crimes. This too is almost certainly a bluff. Nonetheless, in case the perpetrator actually does try to pass something off to the media, I wanted to give everyone a heads up where it was coming from. If you want more information, let me know.

Thanks,