From:
To:
Subject: RE: Draft RTC
Date: Fri, 20 Aug 2021 12:41:02 +0000
Attachments: Maxwell_RTC_v8.docx

Thanks! And really, no problem at all. I'm going to be on leave for the next two weeks, so I probably won't send your comments to [redacted] until I'm back – so no rush at all. I've attached the latest version, just so you have the most recent one. Thank you so much for your help on this case!

I do know [redacted] – he's really fantastic. I used to work with him at Civil Appellate, and he's talked a lot about how great his clerkship was. Small world!

From:
Sent: Friday, August 20, 2021 5:40 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Draft RTC

Got it, thank you. I'm so sorry for the delay in feedback. I did a quick scan a while back and thought it looked great, but will do a closer read and get any comments to you by the end of next week (and you can blame me if you raise them with the PC Chiefs!). Thanks for all of your great and hard work on this case.

P.S. Do you know [redacted]? He asked me if I knew you a while ago, but I forgot to reach out about it. [redacted] and I both clerked for the same judge. He is wonderful.

From:
Sent: Thursday, August 19, 2021 10:52 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Draft RTC

Hi [redacted].

No problem. I sent it to the PC Chiefs yesterday, and it's headed to [redacted] after that. We aren't filing it until November, though – we just want to have it out of the way, as we turn to MILs.

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Thursday, August 19, 2021 5:25 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Draft RTC

Thanks, [redacted] So sorry – could you please remind me when you're sending this to the PC Chiefs and when you're supposed to file it? Thanks.

From:
Sent: Friday, August 6, 2021 7:29 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Draft RTC

EFTA00029163

Hi

I hope all's well! Draft RTC in Maxwell attached. The team is going to have comments, I'm sure, as will the chiefs. If you like, I can send you wherever we land. And, of course, I'd welcome any comments you might have too, as an expert on this.

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Friday, August 6, 2021 7:28 PM
To:
Subject: Draft RTC

Hi all,

Attached is a draft RTC for your review. I've left in some comment bubbles to flag some of the judgment calls, and I'm going to clean up the cites/do a citecheck.

Looking forward to your comments.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00029164