EFT A00027876

From:
To: " " )" &lt;

Subject: Re: Final Voucher 10810414(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review
Date: Tue, 19 Nov 2019 23:58:33 +0000

The Govt. card is the default payment method for business travel.

You can make any amendments by clicking amend modify instead of approve.

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 19, 2019, at 6:55 PM,  ) &lt; wrote:

Sorry but I don't believe this voucher is accurate, similar to the prior one. First, it appears to allocate one night of the hotel to the travel card, which is incorrect—the entirety of the hotel was paid on my personal card (please see attached email and I'm again sending the hotel invoice). Additionally, it doesn't appear to include the hotel tax of $70.12, which I also paid on my personal credit card.

Please let me know when it's corrected and I'll review again. Thanks.

From
Sent: Tuesday, November 19, 2019 18:46

Subject: Final Voucher 10810414(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review

Dear

Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log into E2 Solutions to review the document.

Trip ID: 10810414
Voucher ID: 1
Voucher type: Final
Traveler name
Purpose: R20NYST3179 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States
Dates: 2019-11-13 - 2019-11-15
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval
Voucher total expenses: 1517.64
Estimated trip cost: 1583.95
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0012

This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.

<mime-attachment>

<foliodeteg0191115122139.pdf>

EFTA00027877</foliodeteg0191115122139.pdf></mime-attachment>