From: Peter Brightbill <pbrightbill@gmail.com>
To: [redacted]
Subject: Congrats and a Caution re: Maxwell Indictment &amp; Apprehension
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 17:28:04 +0000

Mr. [redacted]:

I am a former prosecutor (Kings County DA, 1987-91, 1996-99) and helped lay the foundation for that Office's Crimes Against Children Bureau by setting up and hosting the first meeting of the NYPD Pedophilia Squad with prosecutors and Detective-Investigators from my Office in 1996. Preet Bharara speaks very highly of you.

Congratulations to you, Geoff Berman, [redacted] and your outstanding team of dedicated line prosecutors who put this case together, as well as to the FBI agents and NYPD detectives who worked it.

Please realize that there is a great deal of apprehension amongst the public at large, and extending to some individuals in law enforcement and corrections, that the MCC is not a secure facility and that Jeffrey Epstein's death there last summer was a homicide. Knowing, as I do, of the manpower, training and management problems which have plagued the BOP and seem to be endemic at the MCC, concerns about Ms. Maxwell's safety are not unfounded.

I hope that your Office will seek remand and that Maxwell will be kept isolated in a private cell and monitored 24/7 by multiple cameras with all approaches to her cell covered and no blind spots, and that the feed from same will be monitored by a team of federal Marshalls assigned to your Office.

As I told BJ Pak when his Office contacted me a few years ago, I believe that the victims of the Epstein-Maxwell criminal organization or conspiracy were badly failed by Alex Acosta. I am happy to see that more competent and independent prosecutors are, at last, close to bringing their victims some measure of justice, however belated.

Yours very truly,

Peter
Peter Basta Brightbill
Published Work Sample
Linked In
IMDB
m [redacted]

EFTA00027846</pbrightbill@gmail.com>