From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Epstein Travel.

Date: Sat, 24 Aug 2019 12:34:35 +0000

$10,000 for Australia flight. Is the team working on an interview schedule for all these people?

Associate U.S. Attorney, SDNY

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Date: August 23, 2019 at 9:46:53 PM EDT

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Fwd: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Date: August 23, 2019 at 9:33:25 PM EDT

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Re: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Please include [REDACTED] in these emails.

Sent from my iPad

On Aug 23, 2019, at 6:20 PM, " (USANYS)" &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Received from [REDACTED]. Cost would be $10,673.40 one way.

From: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;

Sent: Friday, August 23, 2019 6:00 PM

To: Sigrid McCawley &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED]

Subject: Re: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

EFTA00027942

Thank you so much [redacted] for getting back to me, my amazing lawyer Sigrid was able to get me there- due to the short notice &amp; long flight I was afraid I was going to miss the hearing, so she got me there... impressive!! Thank you so much Sigrid!!

On the return [redacted] - that would be great if you could help out with the cost. I can give you my details if needed. Also due to an ongoing medical condition, I would need to fly business. It does help me with not being stuck in a position for 24+ hours. Thank you so very much!!

All the best,

[redacted]

On Saturday, August 24, 2019, 5:26 am, Sigrid McCawley &lt;[redacted] &gt; wrote:

We have that covered because she has some safety concerns so we selected a hotel with that in mind. Thank you.

From: [redacted] (USANYS) [mailto: [redacted] ]
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2019 3:15 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;[redacted] &gt;; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [red]

Subject: RE: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Not a problem we can do the return. Do you want me to put her in a hotel in New York?

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;[redacted] &gt; [redacted]
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2019 3:10 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt;[redacted] &gt;; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [red]

Subject: RE: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Thank you so much. We have not booked a return flight for her so we may need assistance with that arrangement but I will confer with her and get back to you. Thank you very much.

From: [redacted] (USANYS) [mailto: [redacted] ]
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2019 3:09 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;[redacted] &gt;; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [red]

Subject: RE: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Can I help her get to New York

EFTA00027943

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2019 3:04 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; &gt;;
Subject: RE: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Thank you [REDACTED]. We already booked the ticket for [REDACTED] and made arrangements for a hotel. She has some safety concerns so we are taking care of the arrangements. We understand that means the government cannot reimburse. Thank you for following up.

Best,

Sigrid

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [mailto: [REDACTED]]
Sent: Friday, August 23, 2019 2:58 PM
To: [REDACTED]
Cc: Sigrid McCawley &lt; &gt;
Subject: In order for the Government to pay travel I would have to make the arrangements.

Please give me a call or you can give me the nearest airport when you want to leave Australia and your name exactly as it is on your passport and DOB.

I will arrange transportation, hotel and car service from airport.

[REDACTED]

Victim Witness Coordinator
United States Attorney’s Office
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrews Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel. [REDACTED]

EFTA00027944

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00027945