EFTA00028672

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Copies
Date: Mon, 19 Oct 2020 19:35:48 +0000

All good. [REDACTED] is on it. He gets frustrated, but then gets the job done. I suggest a training session for the paralegals so they all hear the same exact instructions.

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, October 19, 2020 3:33 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Copies

Hi [REDACTED].

I just spoke with [REDACTED] about this. They had originally thought the paralegals could make the copies, but they tried and couldn't, so they asked [REDACTED] to. The CART analyst assigned to the Epstein/Maxwell case is out of the office today and tomorrow, and they don't have anyone else who can make copies. The discovery deadline is 11/9, but the team is asking the reviewers to finish by 10/31, so that they have time to review the responsiveness coding and make copies for production. The team is worried that if the reviewers don't start within the next day or so, they won't have enough time for the review. When [REDACTED] spoke with [REDACTED], he said he could get it done; we're deeply appreciative of the help and sorry to monopolize so many office resources in service of this discovery deadline. Happy to discuss further by phone (I'm available by cell anytime, [REDACTED]). Thanks [REDACTED].

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, October 19, 2020 3:17 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: Copies

[REDACTED] is making them. I guess the FBI backed out.

What is the real deadline to get the full review finished?