EFTA00027949

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: Jack Scarola &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " )" &lt; &gt;, " " )"
Subject: RE: Epstein
Date: Sun, 15 Sep 2019 21:38:06 +0000

Understood—thanks very much.

From: Jack Scarola &lt; &gt;
Sent: Sunday, September 15, 2019 17:37
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: Re: Epstein

Mr. Tom’s message is unrelated to . I am awaiting a response from .

On Sep 15, 2019, at 5:05 PM, &lt; wrote:

Jack,

This looks like it’s on a separate subject from Ms. , so we wanted to make sure you had seen email about our interest in meeting with her – can we set up a date and time to do that?

thanks,

From: Jack Scarola &lt; &gt;
Sent: Sunday, September 15, 2019 17:01
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Epstein

Ms. Moe-

I received the information described in the message below, and I am passing it on to you with the permission of Mr. Toma. I have conducted no assessment of the statements made by Mr. Toma and I have had no direct contact with him.

On Sep 14, 2019, at 7:20 PM, &lt; wrote:

Thanks for confirming. Would it be possible to set up a meeting with her? We would be interested in speaking with her, and if she is willing to speak with us we can discuss logistics (in particular, we can come to Florida if that is her preference).

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 13, 2019, at 7:53 PM, Jack Scarola &lt; &gt; wrote:

I do.

On Sep 13, 2019, at 4:09 PM, &lt; wrote:

Mr. Scarola,

Following up on this, we wanted to check to see whether you represent Ms.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: Jack Scarola &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 7, 2019 6:40 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt;

Subject: Re: Epstein

I have forwarded your message to .

On Aug 7, 2019, at 4:48 PM, &lt; wrote:

Mr. Scarola,

We have had difficulty contacting Ms. in connection with our investigation. Are you in touch with her and able to set up a meeting with us? We would be interested in speaking with her and can travel to Florida to do so.

thank you,

From: Jack Scarola &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 07, 2019 08:54

To: &lt;

Cc: ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG <rjosefsberg@podhurst.com>; Brad Edwards <brad@pathtojustice.com>

Subject: Re: Epstein

For whatever value it may have in connection with your pending prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein, one of his victims, , who was repeatedly molested in Florida beginning at age 14, received multiple gifts of lingerie from Epstein shipped to her in Florida from NY. may be reached at , and is willing to speak to investigators.

EFTA00027950</brad@pathtojustice.com></rjosefsberg@podhurst.com>

* | Privileged and Confidential | Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be accessed by unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart &amp; Shipley, P.A. and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-2521. The information contained in this E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420 and information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail or by telephone at (800) 780-8607 and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.

EFTA00027951