July 13, 2021 t Prep
AUSAs &amp;
SA
Det.

Prepared for trial testimony. previously undisclosed, clarifying, or different recollections below:

- provided AUSAs with a list of medications she currently takes [list attached]
- son recently reminded her that had been invited to travel to an island. does not have a specific clear memory of this now.
- also recalls that her son may have gone to Palm Beach with once because he came home and showed her pictures of gargoyles, which she recalls were taken at the Palm Beach property.
- estimates that was traveling to Palm Beach for work for approximately two and a half years when she was a teenager.
- did not see the contents of the packages received, but she remembers having books about massage and promiscuous clothing after receiving those packages.
- recalls the following callers to her phone regarding work in Palm Beach:

- Two male voices:
- One was a car service or driver picking up
- The second remembers calling to say he was sending a car to pick up

- Two female voices:
- One named called multiple times.
- One with an accent called multiple times. believes this woman's name was something like Giselle Maxine

- recalls the female caller with an accent being particularly unpleasant in her tone during one call, during which the female caller said that and her friends were supposed to be at the house for a party. assumed that meant and her friends were supposed to set up for some party.
- did not realize that had been sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein until the FBI knocked on door in or about 2007 as part of an investigation. never explicitly told what happened to her with Epstein, and no one from law enforcement ever explicitly told what happened either, but gathered over the years from behavior, law enforcement interactions, and civil suits that Epstein must have abused her.
- After went to GA, at some point told that and were getting cocaine from the house they were cleaning in Palm Beach. didn't say who actually gave them cocaine. told that was cleaning houses.
- Since has gotten out of jail in 2020, has spoken with him a handful of times about his son. told that he was subpoenaed, but he otherwise did not tell her anything else. told recently that asked her for money.

EFTA00029869

Clonoxepam 1 mg tab
Oxycodone/Acetaminophen 10/325 tab
Montelukast 10 mg. Tab pm
Amitriptyline 10 mg / tab pm
Brenztri Inhaler
Fluticasone Nasal / spray each mostil
Albuterol Sulfate inhale 2x daily
XTampy 27 mg ER 2x daily