EFTA00030417

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " )" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt; &gt;
Cc: " )" &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Maxwell Call

Date: Tue, 01 Dec 2020 22:01:55 +0000

Attachments: 2020-12-01_GM_letter_regarding_defense_request_re_MDC_warden_v1.ebd.rd.docx

Thanks , our combined edits are attached. Thanks very much.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, December 1, 2020 3:50 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
(Cc: ) &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Maxwell Call

Chiefs – Bobbi and Chris have rejected our proposal. A draft letter (including language Bobbi sent us for the letter) and affidavit are attached for your review. This is due today.

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:47 PM
To: &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
(USANYS) &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Maxwell Call

Ok, thanks .

From: &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:52 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Maxwell Call

Thanks again for speaking with us earlier. I spoke with MDC legal, and they're fine with our proposal. They said they could submit a letter to the Court by Friday. We'll let you know how our conversation with defense counsel goes—we haven't scheduled a call with them just yet.

Thanks,

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 12:41 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;

Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;

Subject: Re: Maxwell Call

Sure, do you mind circulating a dial in?

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 30, 2020, at 12:33 PM, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; [REDACTED] wrote:

Hi [REDACTED],

Do you have a few minutes to speak about Maxwell? We spoke with BOP today and wanted to chat with you about next steps as we owe a joint letter to the court tomorrow. Would 1 pm work?

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York

Tel: [REDACTED]

EFTA00030418