EFT A00030557

From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Re: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Date: Sat, 23 Nov 2019 18:36:18 +0000

Monday at 4 or anytime Wednesday works for me.

On Nov 23, 2019, at 12:11 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

I could do this call on Monday at 4, Tuesday late afternoon (driving up to Mass. that day), any time on Wednesday, or when we get back from Thanksgiving. Thoughts?

Assistant United States Attorney

From: Bruce Barket &lt;

Sent: Friday, November 22, 2019 3:06 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;; Aida Leisenring &lt;; Tony Ricco

&lt;; BRUCE KOFFSKY &lt;; John Diaz

&lt;; Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq &lt;

Cc: &lt;

Subject: RE: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Let's set up a call as I believe that the material I requested is relevant and we are entitled to it.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.

Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP

666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700

Garden City, NY 11530

www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

From: (USANYS) [mailto:

Sent: Friday, November 22, 2019 11:51 AM

To: Bruce Barket; Aida Leisenring; Tony Ricco; BRUCE KOFFSKY; John Diaz; Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq

Cc:

Subject: RE: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

All,

In response to your request for any statements made by Mr. Tartaglione during interviews at the MCC related to the investigation into an event involving Jeffrey Epstein on or about July 23, 2019, we are producing to you a zip folder with

reports of those statements. The zip folder also contains reports of statements attributed to Mr. Tartaglione that were conveyed to MCC staff by Mr. Epstein. These materials have been marked "sensitive" pursuant to the protective order in this case and should be treated accordingly.

In response to your additional request for "all the reports and video regarding Mr. Epstein's attempted suicide on July 22-23rd," we do not believe these materials are relevant to this case or covered under Rule 16, and therefore will not be producing them. If you would like to discuss further, please give us a call.

Assistant United States Attorney

From: Bruce Barket

Sent: Wednesday, November 20, 2019 8:50 AM

To: (USANYS)

Cc: <a href="https://www.ucsf.edu/docs/ucsf/2019/01/01/010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101">; <a href="https://www.ucsf.edu/docs/ucsf/2019/01/01/010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010

Subject: Re: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Thank you.

In addition to the statements attributed to Mr. Tartaglione we are asking did for all the reports and Video regarding Epstein's attempted suicide on July 22-23rd.

I believe we sent a letter to the MCC shortly after the event asking that the video be preserved.

Bruce Barket

Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco

666 Old Country road

Garden City, NY 11530

Barket Epstein.com

On Nov 19, 2019, at 12:23 AM, (USANYS) <a href="https://www.ucsf.edu/docs/ucsf/2019/01/01/0101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010

Bruce - To the extent your request is to the MCC/BOP, the request is governed by the procedures set forth below in email. To the extent the request is to our office pursuant to Rule 16, as a courtesy, we will look to see what statements are in our possession and gather and produce them to you by the end of the week. The production will be pursuant to the protective order in this case.

Assistant United States Attorney

From:

Sent: Monday, November 18, 2019 8:50 AM

To: Bruce Barket <a href="https://www.ucsf.edu/docs/ucsf/2019/01/01/01010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010

Cc: Aida Leisenring <a href="https://www.ucsf.edu/docs/ucsf/2019/01/01/010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010101010

Subject: Re: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

EFTA00030558</a></a></a></a>

Hi Bruce,

Pursuant to FOIA/Privacy Act and Touhy regulations, we need a release from the inmate, Touhy letter, and subpoena for the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy through the USAO.

Thank you,

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket &lt;11/17/2019 5:03 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
It is my understanding that Mr. Tartaglione was interviewed by members of Bureau of Prisons in the late hours of July 22nd or the early hours of July 23, 2019 concerning Jeffrey Epstein’s reported attempted suicide attempt. Please provide the record of any statements made by Mr. Tartaglione, any written statements made by Mr. Tartaglione and any recording of any such statements.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530
www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00030559