From

To

Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- opens

Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 00:25:45 +0000

Thanks, That means a lot.

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 3:04 PM

To: [REDACTED]

Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- opens

I LOVE this email. Even though I've only been involved tangentially as you all have moved mountains to get to this point, I feel more invested than usual in the work you are doing. Please let me know if there is any help, no matter what day or time it is, that I'm able to provide as the battle continues. Always remember that even unlimited resources can't buy facts or truth.

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM

To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <usanys-criminalausas@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <usanys-criminalparalegals@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <usanys-investigators@usa.doj.gov>

Cc: [REDACTED]

Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- opens

There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York.

It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable.

[REDACTED] will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow.

Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318

Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is also a conference room on the first floor (room 130) that has a very small monitor with a live feed just for our office.

Timing: we'll start at 8:30 a.m. with peremptory challenges, and we expect to go straight to preliminary instructions and opening statements. In order to get a seat, we'd recommend that you go over early.

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

One Saint Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

EFTA00031256</usanys-investigators@usa.doj.gov></usanys-criminalparalegals@usa.doj.gov></usanys-criminalausas@usa.doj.gov>