From: " " " " &gt;
To: " , (USANYS)" &lt;
Cc: " " " "

Subject: RE: New Investigation
Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2018 23:09:37 +0000
Importance: Normal

No worries, happy to talk any time.

---Original Message---
From: , (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Thursday, December 6, 2018 6:04 PM
To: &gt;
Cc: &gt;

Subject: Re: New Investigation

Sorry I missed this. I am super annoyed. Just got out of mag court. Running home to feed the baby. But I am around later tonight or tomorrow afternoon when I come back from white plains.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Dec 6, 2018, at 5:46 PM, &lt; wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Thanks for taking the time to meet today—attached are the documents we mentioned.
&gt;
&gt; From: , (NY) (FBI) &lt;
&gt; Sent: Thursday, December 6, 2018 1:40 PM
&gt; To: , &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;
&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt; I am still in NJ. I have everything we have downloaded to CD. It's at the office. I can bring it when we meet.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Original message
&gt; From: " , " &lt;
&gt; Date: 12/6/18 1:38 PM (GMT-05:00)
&gt; To: " &lt;mailto: &gt; &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &gt; &lt;mailto: (NY) (FBI)" &lt;mailto: &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &lt;mailto: &gt; &lt;mailto:

EFTA00031372

On Dec 6, 2018, at 12:59, _________________
Hailbo: _________________ wrote:
&gt; Hi all—looking forward to meeting this afternoon. If you’re able to bring over a copy of the files on this case (we’ll take as much stuff as possible!), we’d really appreciate it. CD or drive are both fine.

Thanks!

From: _________________
Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 7:19 PM
To: _________________
(USANYS) &lt;_________________&gt;; _________________ (NY) (FBI)
Cc: _________________
Subject: RE: New Investigation

No worries at all, and I’ll make 4:30 work.

From: _________________
Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2018 19:16
To: _________________
(USANYS) &lt;_________________&gt;; _________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;_________________&gt;; _________________ (FBI)
Cc: _________________
Subject: Re: New Investigation

I have child care issues in the mornings typically, and getting in by 11:00 is often difficult as I live in Suffolk County. 4:30 works better for me. Sorry about that!

Detective _________________

NYPD / FBI

Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
_________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________
_________________________________________________________________________________________

From: _________________
Cc: _________________
Subject: Re: New Investigation

EFTA00031373

&gt; I unfortunately have calls at 4:00 and 4:30. Could we do earlier before 11:00? I’m also concerned that if the proffer ends up going late we’ll be out of luck. Or I can move the 4:30 if ☐ preferable for everybody. Sorry about that.

&gt; From: ☐
&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2018 19:04
&gt; To: ☐ (USANYS) &lt; ☐
&gt; (NY) (FBI) &lt; ☐
&gt; Cc: ☐
&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt; 11:00 will not work for me. Me and ☐ are good for 4:00 on Thursday though. The proffer should be done by then.
&gt;
&gt; Detective: ☐
&gt; NYPD / FBI
&gt; Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
&gt;
&gt; From: ☐
&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 6:34:53 PM
&gt; To: ☐
&gt; Cc: ☐
&gt; Subject: RE: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt; Let’s do Thursday, particularly since schedules seem to be tough next week. ☐ would it make sense to meet before your proffer, so we can have a specified time? We could meet at 11:00.
&gt;
&gt; thanks,
&gt;
&gt; ☐

EFTA00031374

&gt;
&gt;
&gt; From: __________, __________ &lt;_____________________&gt;&gt;
&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2018 15:54
&gt; To: __________, __________ (USANYS) &lt;_____________________&lt;mailto: __________&gt;; __________.
&gt; Cc: __________ &lt;_____________________&gt; &lt;_____________________&lt;mailto: __________&gt;; __________.
&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Hey guys,
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Thursday I have a proffer at SNDY with SA __________ at 12:00. I can meet after that if you guys want depending on how long this proffer goes. That may be the best option for us because Monday-Wednesday of next week we may be tied up with a take down in the office.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Detective __________
&gt; NYPD / FBI
&gt; Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; From: __________, __________ (USANYS) &lt;_____________________&lt;mailto: __________&gt;
&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 3:30:14 PM
&gt; To: __________, __________ (NY) (FBI); __________.
&gt; Cc: __________);
&gt; Subject: RE: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Thursday works for me.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Next week I am good Monday-Tuesday and Thursday-Friday.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; From: __________, __________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;_____________________&lt;mailto: __________&gt;

EFTA00031375

&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2018 3:23 PM
&gt; To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) <mailto: [REDACTED] (USANYS) <mailto: [REDACTED] (USANYS)] <mailto: [REDACTED] (USANYS)] <mailto: [REDACTED] (USANYS)] <mailto: [REDACTED] (USANYS)] <mailto: [RETA00031376]

&gt; We got the package you dropped off today. Thank you. CC'ing the other members of the team on this email.

&gt; Best,

&gt; Assistant United States Attorney
&gt; Human Trafficking Co-Coordinator
&gt; Violent &amp; Organized Crime
&gt; Southern District of New York

&gt; <palm beach="" reports.pdf="" police="">
&gt; <epstein blackbook.pdf="">
&gt; <flight logs.pdf="">

EFTA00031377</flight></epstein></palm>