From: " " " &gt;
To: " " &lt;

Subject: FW: Application for Search Warrant
Date: Fri, 26 Jun 2020 01:49:32 +0000
Attachments: 1)_Application_&amp;_Affidavit_for_SW_for_all_JE_electronic_devices.pdf

FYI, I corrected a typo the judge caught.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 9:48 PM
To: Gorenstein NYSD Chambers [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: Application for Search Warrant

Thank you very much. Attached please find a revised affidavit correcting the error that Judge Gorenstein identified.

I will call the number provided at 9:10am tomorrow with the agent on the line.

Respectfully,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007
212-637-2324

From: Gorenstein NYSD Chambers [REDACTED]
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 7:43 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED]
Subject: Re: Application for Search Warrant

Judge Gorenstein has reviewed the warrant materials. Please call him at (917) 882-3627 with your agent on the line at 9:10 a.m. If there is no answer, please leave a callback number by voicemail or text and the Judge will respond to you shortly thereafter. If you need a different call-in time, please let us know. Additionally, Judge Gorenstein notes the following: "While it does not affect probable cause, the warrant application in paragraph 4 and Attachment A refers to Epstein being arrested on July 6, "2020." The AUSA may wish to send a new application that provides a correct date."

EFTA00031846

From: | Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 4:58 PM |
| --- |
| To: Gorenstein NYSD Chambers <---> |
| Cc:

|  Subject: Application for Search Warrant  |
| --- | |

Good afternoon,

Attached for Judge Gorenstein’s review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. The agent is available to swear out this warrant tomorrow morning whenever would be convenient for the Court. I can be reached on my cellphone at 347-344-8771.

Respectfully submitted,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007
212-637-2324

EFTA00031847