From: Jill Greenfield &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt;
Subject: Epstein [FFW-DOCS.FID6003375]
Date: Fri, 21 Aug 2020 17:48:41 +0000
Inline-Images: imagefd1874.PNG; imagebf9faa.PNG

Hi

Can we discuss something please.

Kind regards,

Jill

Jill Greenfield
Partner
D: +44 207 861 4557
M: +44 7739 664765

Click here for information relating to Covid-19 business impacts

Fieldfisher Logo

f in

Fieldfisher, Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London EC4R 3TT.

www.fieldfisher.com

We do not intend to change our bank details. If you receive any communication that any of our bank details have changed, telephone us and speak to your contact at our office before transferring any funds. We do not accept responsibility for monies paid into a wrong bank account in any circumstances.

This email and any attachments are confidential and may also be privileged. If you receive this message in error, please contact the sender immediately, destroy the email and any attachments and do not use, copy, store or disclose this email and any attachments for any purpose. Fieldfisher does not accept service of documents by electronic means without express prior agreement.

For details about what personal information we collect and why, please see our Privacy Notice on our website at www.fieldfisher.com.

Fieldfisher is the trading name of Fieldfisher LLP, a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (registered number OC318472) and is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors' Regulation Authority. A list of its members and their professional qualifications is available at its registered office, Riverbank House, 2 Swan Lane, London EC4R 3TT. We use the term partner to refer to a member of Fieldfisher LLP or an employee or consultant with equivalent standing or qualifications.

EFTA00031829