London Thurber

# Preliminary Title Report

CLIENT REF: USMS-D54-00000307
EFFECTIVE DATE: 06/14/2019 8:00 AM
L&amp;T REF: USMS-D54-00000307
SEARCH DATE: 07/19/2019

PROPERTY ADDRESS: 9 East 71st Street, New York NY 10021

1. Title to Fee Simple estate or interest in the Land described or referred to in this Report is at the effective date hereof vested in:

Record Owner(s): Maple, Inc., a U.S. Virginia Islands Corporation
Instrument type: Deed
Grantor: Nine East 71st Street Corporation, a New York Corporation
Date: 12/23/2011
Rec. date: 01/10/2012
Rec. Vol.: 2012000008342
Consideration: $10.00

All as recorded in the public records of New York County, New York

2. The Land referred to in this Report is described as follows:

See attached “Exhibit A”

EFTA00031560

London Thurber

# Title Report

## SCHEDULE B - PART I

## REQUIREMENTS

Client File No.: USMS-D54-00000307

The following are the requirements to be complied with; otherwise, they will appear as exceptions in the final policy to be issued:

1. Pay the agreed amounts for the interest in the land and/or the mortgage to be insured.
2. Pay us the premiums, fees and charges for the policy.
3. Pay all taxes and/or assessments, levied and assessed against the land, which are due and payable.
4. You must tell us in writing the name of anyone not referred to in this Report who will get an interest in the land or who will make a loan on the land. We may then make additional requirements or exceptions.
5. In the Loan Policy to be issued, the company will insure against defects in the title which are filed for record during the period of time between the effective date of this Report and the date of filing for record of the documents creating the estate or interest being insured, except for matters of which the insured has any knowledge. Any provisions in this Report which are in conflict herewith are hereby deemed deleted.
6. Documents, satisfactory to us, creating the interest in the land and/or the mortgage to be insured, must be signed, delivered and recorded:
7. Receipt of survey satisfying the Minimum Standard Detail Requirements of the American Land Title Association dated within 90 days of closing.
8. Owner's Affidavit in a form acceptable to Company
9. Mortgages: None reported
10. Judgments/Liens: None reported
11. Such other matters set forth in Exhibit "B" attached hereto.

EFTA00031561

London Thurber

# Title Report

## SCHEDULE B - PART II

## EXCEPTIONS

Client File No.: USMS-D54-00000307

The policy or policies to be issued will contain exceptions to the following unless the same are disposed of to the satisfaction of the Company:

1. Defects, liens, encumbrances, adverse claims or other matters, if any, created, first appearing in the public records or attaching subsequent to the effective date hereof but prior to the date the proposed Insured acquires for value of record the estate or interest or mortgage thereon covered by this Report.

2. Rights or claims of parties in possession not shown by public records, including, but not limited to, the rights of tenants in possession, if any, and all parties claiming by, through or under said tenants.

3. Easements of claims of easements not shown by the public records.

4. Encroachments, overlaps, shortage in area, boundary line disputes or other matters which would be disclosed by an accurate survey or inspection of the Land.

5. Taxes or special assessments which are not shown as existing liens by the public records.

6. Any bills, fees, charges or taxes for water, sewer, sanitation or other public services.

7. Any lien or right to a lien, for services, labor, or material heretofore or hereafter furnished, imposed by law and not shown by the public records.

8. No insurance is afforded as to the exact amount of acreage as contained in the captioned property as described herein.

9. Service Members Civil Relief Act.

10. Any association assessments (special and general) recreational lease payments dues or other fees, if any.

11. Taxes and special assessments for the year 2019 and all subsequent years, as well as the lien for any additional taxes for prior years due to reassessments or rebilling.

12. Rights of spouses or parties arising under laws regarding marital homestead, tenancy by the entireties or marital interests in the subject property.

13. Rights of redemption held by any party with regards to any judicial, quasi-judicial or non-judicial sale.

EFTA00031562

London Thurber

# Title Report

14. The following additional matters stated or referenced in the following items found of record with regards to the Land: See Exhibit "B"

DISCLAIMER: This title report is prepared based on information furnished to our office by an independent third-party title examiner. This Report does not contain or constitute a legal opinion regarding the status of the title to the subject real property. If you require a legal opinion of title or an attorney title opinion, please let us know and we will obtain a legal opinion or attorney title opinion from an attorney licensed to practice law in the state in which the property is located.

EFTA00031563

London Thurber
Title Report

Exhibit A

Legal Description:

ALL that certain plot, place or parcel of land, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, situate, lying and being in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York, bounded and described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point on the northerly side of 71st Street distant 225 feet easterly from the corner formed by the intersection of the easterly side of 5th Avenue with the northerly side of 71st Street; running

thence Easterly along the northerly side of 71st Street 50 feet;

thence Northerly and parallel with 5th Avenue 102 feet 2 inches to the center line of the block between 71st and 72nd Streets;

thence Westerly along the said center line and parallel with 71st Street 50 feet;

thence Southerly and parallel with 5th Avenue 102 feet 2 inches to the northerly side of 71st Street at the point or place of beginning.

EFTA00031564

London Thurber

# Title Report

Exhibit "B"
Additional Liens &amp; Encumbrances

1. Satisfaction of Mortgage recorded on 09/28/1988 in Book 1471 at Page 1309.
2. Notice of Designation recorded on 07/02/1982 in Book 629 at Page 739.

EFTA00031565