From: " " " " &lt;

To: "

Subject: RE: Maxwell

Date: Wed, 08 Jul 2020 17:55:28 +0000

Attachments: 2020-07-02, United_States_v._Maxwell,_20_Cr._330_(AJN), _detention_memorandum_(ECF).pdf; Maxwell_Superseding_Indictment_-_S1_20_Cr._330_(AJN).pdf

Hi Lea,

I'm attaching our detention memorandum here, along with a copy of the superseding indictment.

Thank you,

---Original Message---

From:

Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 11:37 AM

To: Lea Harmon &lt;

Subject: Re: Maxwell

Hi Lea,

That would work well, thanks. Talk to you then.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:24 AM, Lea Harmon &lt; wrote:

&gt;

&gt; Hi

&gt; I'm in a staff meeting right now and then I need to address an LM issue. Are you available to talk this afternoon? Maybe 1:30?

&gt;

&gt; ---Original Message---

&gt; From:  &lt;

&gt; Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 10:22 AM

&gt; To: Lea Harmon &lt;

&gt; Subject: Re: Maxwell

&gt;

&gt; Hi Lea,

&gt;

&gt; I hope you're doing well. Do you have a moment for a call today to discuss this case? If there is a time that works best for you, please let me know. You're also welcome to call me on my cell at any time:

&gt;

&gt; Thanks very much,

&gt;

&gt;

&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00030379

&gt;&gt; On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:12 AM, Natasha Ramesar &lt; wrote:
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Good Morning-
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Lea Harmon copied above will conduct the interview and complete the bail report for Ms. Maxwell.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; The request was submitted to MDC and we await the date/time of the interview. However, defense advised that court is now scheduled for Tuesday, 7/14, so the report will be ready for that date as I anticipate the interview being scheduled before the end of this week.

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
Natasha Ramesar
&gt;&gt; U.S. Pretrial Services Officer Specialist - Intake Coordinator
&gt;&gt; Southern District of New York
&gt;&gt; Office:
&gt;&gt; Fax:

---Original Message---

&gt;&gt; From:  &lt;
&gt;&gt; Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 10:11 AM
&gt;&gt; To: Natasha Ramesar &lt;
&gt;&gt; Subject: RE: Notification - Pretrial Services Intake
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Hi Natasha,
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Hope you're doing well. Following up on our conversation from the other day, do you know yet who the assigned officer will be?
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Thanks,

EFTA00030380