From: " " " " " &gt;
To: " " " " " &gt;, " " " " " &gt;, " " " " " &gt;
( " )" &lt; " &gt;, " " " " " &gt;, "

Subject: FW: travel approval request
Date: Thu, 13 Feb 2020 06:24:16 +0000
Embedded: Booking_Confirmation - Beverly_Hills, Feb_25.msg

Team, just as an FYI, no obligation at all for anybody else to do this, but I switched my L.A. hotel to a different spot for our upcoming visit – at least through our booking systems, the DoubleTree in Santa Monica during that time is over our allowable daily price for whatever reason – but even more importantly, last time we were there the front desk told me that construction there was going to be a complete nightmare from January through at least March (i.e., all the drilling from last time, but much worse). And I didn't see any other normal / decent business hotels in that area that were within our per diem (with the possible exception of the Le Meridien).

However, for the first time in any of the trips we've ever been out there, the Beverly Hilton is listed within our per diem ($181 for the AUSAs), and it's less than a ten minute drive from both attorney's office and attorney's office (and we could of course get a conference room there for ). It's not the fanciest hotel in the world, but it's a normal Hilton, the location is perfect, and no drilling (!), so I went for it and wanted to recommend it and let everybody know. No worries if people prefer elsewhere, but it's an option.

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Thursday, February 13, 2020 01:15
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted] &gt;: [Redacted]
Subject: FW: travel approval request

, just FYI, in connection with this trip to Los Angeles, I just made a reservation for a hotel on E2 (see attached) – if I did anything wrong, it can be changed, but it's a hotel that is almost never available for us so I wanted to make the reservation tonight just in case. And will follow up with flights in the coming days. Happy to chat if that's useful, and thanks very much.

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, February 12, 2020 22:55
To: [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted] &gt;: [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted] &gt;: [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted] &gt;: &lt; [Redacted]; [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted] &gt;: [Redacted] &gt;: [Redacted] &gt;: [Redacted] &gt;: &gt;: &gt;: &gt;: &gt;: &gt;: &gt;:
Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Feb 12, 2020, at 9:14 PM, [Redacted] &lt; [Redacted] &gt; wrote: [Redacted]

EFTA00029670

Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for three interviews in Los Angeles on February 26, 27, and 28 (we have at least one interview on each of those days). We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 25th to the 29th. Also similar to prior trips, we'd like to request approval to get a conference room for one of those dates (the 26th).

thank you,

EFTA00029671