From: " " " " &gt;
To: Jeffrey Pop &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " " " &gt;, " " " " &gt;
" " " " &gt;

Subject: RE: SDNY investigation,
Date: Sat, 04 Jan 2020 04:36:43 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Jeff,

Thank you for this – it's extremely thorough and helpful, especially for an initial description, and we appreciate you sending it so promptly. We also appreciate Ms. [redacted] willingness to share this information with us, which is obviously very personal but which meaningfully assists our investigation.

In the first instance, on an initial read, I wanted to advise that this information does not alter our view, which I also conveyed via email on December 24, that we do not currently have reason to believe Ms. [redacted] has criminal exposure based on what we are aware of in connection with her interactions with Epstein. Additionally, I do expect we likely will have some follow-up queries; we'll circle back with you in more detail next week, but in the interim I wanted to acknowledge receipt and thank you for conveying. We'll be in touch again soon.

[redacted]
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: Jeffrey Pop &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, January 03, 2020 18:35
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted] &gt;, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Subject: RE: SDNY investigation, [redacted]

Dear [redacted]:

Attached, in letter format, please find a version of an Attorney Proffer regarding [redacted] and her involvement with Epstein. At the end, I have also included an outline of [redacted] current perception as to how he operated.

The foregoing is a culmination of a series of interviews with my client and I believe that it represents her potential testimony. Obviously, I am not certain whether any of the information presented is new to you or helpful to your investigation.

My take away is that there is no doubt that [redacted] is a victim; she suffers to this day. At the same time there were other people looking to introduce girls to Epstein. This pattern apparently was ongoing for decades.

[redacted] introduction involvement was only in New York and not with minors. [redacted] was shocked when she found out that Epstein was arrested in Florida.

EFTA00030695

Should you feel that an interview is necessary, please propose a couple of dates before January 20, 2020 (I have an upcoming trial in late January). I will make my conference room available for the interview.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Sincerely,

Jeff

Jeffrey S. Pop, Esq.
JEFFREY S. POP &amp; ASSOCIATES
Beverly Hills, California 90212-3429
fax
www.poplawyer.com
www.vaccineinjuryteam.com

JEFFREY S. POP &amp; ASSOCIATES
A LAW CORPORATION
Since 1980

## CONFIDENTIALITY

This e-mail is for the personal and exclusive use of the recipient(s) named above. It contains confidential information from Jeffrey S. Pop &amp; Associates. Its contents are not only to remain absolutely confidential, but may also be subject to the attorney-client privilege or coverage under the work-product doctrine. If you have received this transmission and are not the intended recipient(s) or his/her agent, please be advised that any disclosure, use, review, copying, selling, dissemination, publication, or distribution of this transmission is strictly unauthorized and prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender at the number above, return the original e-mail by mail, and delete the e-mail file from your computer. Postage is guaranteed. Your cooperation is appreciated. Thank you.

From: [mailto:][[mailto:][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[][[]

Jeff,

Following up on our phone conversation today, I wanted to memorialize that, as discussed, we do not currently have reason to believe Ms. [][has criminal exposure based on what we are aware of in connection with her interactions with Jeffrey Epstein, and your brief attorney proffer regarding the circumstances of those interactions are consistent with that view. In your further discussions with Ms. [][in advance of a further attorney proffer to address the general nature of her relationship with Mr. Epstein, as well as his employees or relevant close associates, if you have any concerns about additional possible exposure you should please feel free to be in touch with us again. As we also discussed, I believe any non-federal offenses would be well outside the relevant statute(s) of limitation, but of course if you wish to further research that issue, or consult with criminal counsel, we defer to you entirely.

Please let us know if any other information would be useful at this stage, and hopefully we can be in touch in the coming weeks about productive next steps.

thank you,

EFTA00030696

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00030697