EFTA00031378

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;
To: " )" &lt;
Cc: " )" &lt;

Subject: Re: New Investigation
Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2018 23:04:05 +0000
Importance: Normal

Sorry I missed this. I am super annoyed. Just got out of mag court. Running home to feed the baby. But I am around later tonight or tomorrow afternoon when I come back from white plains.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Dec 6, 2018, at 5:46 PM,  &gt; wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Thanks for taking the time to meet today—attached are the documents we mentioned.
&gt;
&gt; From:  N. (NY) (FBI) &lt;
&gt; Sent: Thursday, December 6, 2018 1:40 PM
&gt; To:  &gt;;  &gt;;  &gt;;  &gt;;  &gt;,  &gt; (USANYS)
&gt; Cc:  &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;
&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt; I am still in NJ. I have everything we have downloaded to CD.  at the office. I can bring it when we meet.
&gt;
&gt; Original message
&gt; From: "  "  &gt;
&gt; Date: 12/6/18 1:38 PM (GMT-05:00)
&gt; To: "  "  &gt; " <mailto:  "="">"
&gt; Cc: "  "  &gt; " <mailto:  "="">", "  &gt;, " (USANYS)"
&lt;mailto:  &gt;, "  N. (NY) (FBI)"
&lt;mailto:  &gt;
&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt; I'm in the proffer and do not have the disc with me. If I'm not mistaken  may still be in NJ. If I finish up over here earlier then expected I'll ran back and grab it.
&gt;
&gt; On Dec 6, 2018, at 12:59,  &gt; wrote:
&gt; Hi all—looking forward to meeting this afternoon. If you're able to bring over a copy of the files on this case (we'll take as much stuff as possible!), we'd really appreciate it. CD or drive are both fine.
&gt;
&gt; Thanks!
&gt;
&gt; From:  &gt;  &lt;mailto:  &gt;</mailto:></mailto:>

&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 7:19 PM
&gt; To: [REDACTED] <mailto: [REDACTED]="" <mailto:="" [USANYS]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" <c:="" [v3]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" ]="" ],="">; N. (NY) (FBI)
&gt; Subject: RE: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt; No worries at all, and I’ll make 4:30 work.
&gt;
&gt; From: [REDACTED], <mailto: [REDACTED]="" <mailto:="" [USANYS]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" ]="" ],="">;
&gt; N. (NY) (FBI) <mailto: [REDACTED]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" ]="" ],="">;
&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; I have child care issues in the mornings typically, and getting in by 11:00 is often difficult as I live in Suffolk County. 4:30 works better for me. Sorry about that!
&gt;
&gt; Detective [REDACTED]
&gt;
&gt; NYPD / FBI
&gt;
&gt; Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
&gt;
&gt; From: [REDACTED] <mailto: [REDACTED]="" <mailto:="" [USANYS]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" ]="" ],="">;
&gt; N. (NY) (FBI)
&gt; Subject: RE: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; I unfortunately have calls at 4:00 and 4:30. Could we do earlier before 11:00? I’m also concerned that if the proffer ends up going late we’ll be out of luck. Or I can move the 4:30 if [REDACTED] preferable for everybody. Sorry about that.
&gt;
&gt; From: [REDACTED] <mailto: [REDACTED]="" <mailto:="" [v3]="" ]="" ],="">

EFTA00031379</mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:>

&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2018 19:04
&gt; To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) <mailto: [REDACTED] (NS)="" (ny)="" (fbi)="" (rbi)="" (sw)="" (t)="" (v)="" (w)="" (x)="" (xp)="" (xw)="" +="" -="" 11:00="" 2018="" 4:00="" 4:00="" 5="" 54="" 6:34:53="" 6:34:53="" 7="" <mailto:="" [="" [fbi]="" [rs]="" [rs]="" [ss]="" ]="" and="" are="" are:="" are:="" are:="" are:00="" as="" at="" be="" been="" before="" by="" can="" check="" check,="" check:="" done="" each="" effect="" effective="" find="" for="" force="" from:="" handwritten:="" have="" how="" i="" in="" investigation="" is="" it="" its="" j,="" left="" may="" me="" next="" of="" on="" or="" page="" page,="" particular="" particulars);="" profile="" ps="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps. ]="" [="" [fbi]="" [rs]="" [rs]="" [ss]="" [ss]="" ]="" and="" are="" are:="" are:00="" as="" at="" be="" before="" by="" can="" check="" check,="" check.="" done="" each="" effect="" fbi="" for="" force="" from:="" handwritten:="" have="" how="" if="" in="" investigation="" is="" it="" j,="" left="" may="" me="" next="" of="" on="" or="" page="" particular="" particulars="" profile="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps. ]="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps. ]="" [="" [ss]="" [ss]="" ]="" and="" are:="" are:00="" as="" at="" be="" been="" before="" by="" can="" check,="" check.="" done="" e:="" each="" effect="" fbi="" fbi]="" for="" force="" from:="" handwritten:="" have="" how="" if="" j,="" m="" next="" of="" on="" or="" page="" particular="" particulars="" profile="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps. ]="" ps. ]="" [="" ]="" and="" are:="" are:00="" as="" at="" be="" be.="" be.00="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" b="" n.="" n. (ny)="" of="" on="" page="" particular="" profile="" ps="" ps="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps. ]="" [="" [="" [="" [fbi]="" ]="" and="" are="" are:="" are:00="" as="" at="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" be.00]="" b.="" n.="" of="" on="" page="" particular="" profile="" ps="" ps="" ps.="" ps.="" ps.="" ps. ]="" [="" ]="" and="" are="" are:="" are:00="" as="" at="" be="" be.00="" be.00]="" be.00]="" b.="" n.="" of="" on="" page="" ps="" p.=""

EFTA00031380</mailto:>

&gt; Subject: Re: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Hey guys,
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Thursday I have a proffer at SNDY with SA [REDACTED] at 12:00. I can meet after that if you guys want depending on how long this proffer goes. That may be the best option for us because Monday-Wednesday of next week we may be tied up with a take down in the office.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Detective [REDACTED]
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; NYPD / FBI
&gt;
&gt; Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force
&gt; [REDACTED]
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; From: [REDACTED], (USANYS) <mailto: [REDACTED]="" <mailto:="" <mailto:="" [reda="" ]="" ]="" ];="" [reda:="" n.="" ny)="" of="" pmi="" snd:="" the="" uspanys)="" www.="" z-="" z-<mailto:="" {="" }="">:
&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 4, 2018 3:30:14 PM
&gt; To: [REDACTED], N. (NY) (FBI); [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
&gt; Cc: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS) <mailto: [reda="" ]="" <mailto:="" <mailto:="" <mailto:]="" <mailto:]="" <reda="" ]="" ];="" ];="" <reda:="" n.="" pmi="" snd:="" the="" www.="" z-="" z-<mailto:="" {="" }="">:
&gt; Subject: RE: New Investigation
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;EFTA00031381</mailto:></mailto:></mailto:>

&gt; Hey [redacted].

&gt; From: [redacted], [redacted] (USANYS) [mailto: [redacted]]

&gt; Sent: Tuesday, December 04, 2018 2:14 PM

&gt; To: [redacted], [redacted] N. (NY) (FBI) <mailto: [redacted]="" www.ny) (ofga)="" www.ny.gov="">; [redacted], [redacted] W. (NY)

&gt; Subject: RE: New Investigation

&gt; [redacted], good speaking with you. I understand that you and [redacted] were just assigned the case yesterday and are just starting to dig in. As we discussed I think it makes sense for us all to get into a room together son and chat.

&gt; [redacted]

&gt; When works for you guys?

&gt; From: [redacted], [redacted] (USANYS)

&gt; Sent: Monday, December 03, 2018 5:51 PM

&gt; To: [redacted], [redacted] N. (NY) (FBI) <mailto: [redacted]="" www.ny) (ofga)="" www.ny.gov="">; [redacted], [redacted] W. (NY)

&gt; Cc: [redacted] <mailto: [redacted]="" www.ny.gov="">; [redacted] <mailto: [redacted]="" www.ny.gov="">

&gt; Subject: New Investigation

&gt; [redacted]

&gt; We got the package you dropped off today. Thank you. CC'ing the other members of the team on this email.

&gt; [redacted]

EFTA00031382</mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:></mailto:>

&gt; Assistant United States Attorney
&gt; Human Trafficking Co-Coordinator
&gt; Violent &amp; Organized Crime
&gt; Southern District of New York
&gt; |  Beach Police Reports.pdf>  |
| --- |
|  <Epstein Blackbook.pdf>  |
|  <Flight Logs.pdf>  |

EFTA00031383