From: "etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>
To: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , .
Subject: Final Voucher 11164814(1) approved by , now awaiting further approval
Date: Wed, 03 Jun 2020 14:34:24 +0000
Importance: Normal

Dear

Final voucher 11164814(1) has been approved by , now awaiting further approval.

Trip ID: 11164814
Voucher ID: 1
Voucher type: Final
Traveler name:
Purpose: R20NYS13444 - Epstein Investigation - Witness interview
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States
Dates: 2019-12-15 - 2019-12-18
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval
Voucher total expenses: 308.30
Estimated trip cost: 574.30
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0010
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.

EFTA00031832</etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>