From:
To:
Subject: Re: Epstein Related
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 2019 17:50:21 +0000

No worries at all — I’m in Nashville for work through Friday morning but will be in the office on Friday afternoon (and all next week), or also feel free to call my cell, either way.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 16, 2019, at 12:25, [redacted] wrote:

Sorry I didn’t get time to circle back on this. Are you around late this afternoon (I’m second seating a trial that goes until 4:30/5 but could find you after). Thanks

On Sep 15, 2019, at 11:27 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Sounds good.

From:
Sent: Sunday, September 15, 2019 09:15
To:
Subject: Re: Epstein Related

Let’s chat tomorrow! I’m generally around and will look for you.

Sent from my iPhone

On Sep 14, 2019, at 7:09 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Hey I stopped by your office a couple times Thursday and Friday but didn’t catch you, sorry about that -- I’m happy to chat on Monday if you’re around. My guess is that some combination of the press office and brass would make the call, but I’m totally happy to touch base with you if that’s useful in the first instance.

From:
Sent: Thursday, September 12, 2019 10:51
To:
Subject: Epstein Related

Do you have a few minutes today or tomorrow to discuss something? Specifically, a good friend of mine is the executive producer on a 4-part Netflix series that will come out in a few months on Epstein (they had been working on the story for 18 months before we charged). He had spoken to [redacted] at one point (not sure how that worked!) and wants to see if anyone from the office would give an interview, all backward looking. I imagine the answer is no but they are going with this regardless, so thought I would at least make you and potentially chiefs aware of it. Wanted to start with you. I’m free between now and noon or after 6pm tonight, or tomorrow morning or after lunch. Thanks!

EFTA00031457