From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: RE: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF

Date: Tue, 30 Jun 2020 20:25:32 +0000

No problem! Good luck with everything. I don't think there's any hard deadline on the request because we're not in court and they didn't send a subpoena. So the main constraint is Glassman's annoyance. I wrote him a brief note back last night, although I doubt that will keep him happy for very long. I try not to provide specific timelines on stuff like this, but if we need too much more time I can try letting him know a more specific sense of timing. Thanks!

From: _______________________________

Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2020 1:38 PM

To: _______________________________

Subject: RE: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF

Hey I apologize for the delay – our entire team has been absolutely swamped for the past two weeks; we indicted Ghislaine Maxwell yesterday and now are working on arrest plans, and it's been insane. I very much hope to be able to take care of this next week, it's just been one thing after another for a little while.

From: _______________________________

Sent: Sunday, June 28, 2020 23:06

To: _______________________________

Subject: Fwd: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF

Hi _______________________________

Just checking in on this—do you think it will be possible to gather the materials this week? I will write Glassman back and tell him that I hope to follow up soon.

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Robert Glassman _______________________________

Date: June 26, 2020 at 12:49:19 AM EDT

To: "___________________________ (USANYS)" _______________________________

Cc: "___________________________", "Nathan Werksman" _______________________________

Subject: Re: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF

Mr. _______________________________ I am following up on my client's request. It would mean a lot for your office to do what it can to see that her request is complied with in an expedient manner. Thank you.

EFTA00030341

Robert S. Glassman
Panish Shea &amp; Boyle
psblaw.com

On Jun 8, 2020, at 4:19 PM, [REDACTED] (USANYS) [REDACTED] wrote:

Dear Mr. Glassman,

Thank you for your letter. I will follow up.

Thanks,

From: Robert Glassman [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, June 8, 2020 3:08 PM
To: [REDACTED] &gt;; Nathan Werksman [REDACTED]; Keilah Betts [REDACTED]
Subject: Request for Tangible and Documentary Evidence (Touhy Request); Jane Doe v. Indyke et al., SDNY Case No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF
Importance: High

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Please see the attached letter of today’s date. A copy will also be sent via Fedex. Thank you.

Robert Glassman

Robert Glassman, Esq.
Panish Shea &amp; Boyle LLP
Los Angeles, CA 90025
Email: [REDACTED]
Web: www.psblaw.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:
This e-mail may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), please contact the sender by reply e-mail or telephone, and delete all copies of this message.

If you are a potential client, the information you disclose to us by email will be kept in strict confidence and will be protected to the full extent of the law. Please be advised, however, that Panish Shea &amp; Boyle LLP and its lawyers do not represent you until you have signed a retainer agreement with the firm. Until that time, you are responsible for any statutes of limitations or other deadlines for your case or potential case.

EFTA00030342