EFTA00030711

From:
To:

Subject: RE: Monday
Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2019 13:58:33 +0000

Thank you!

From:
Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 9:54 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Monday

Sure, I can do it. If one of y'all gets the call when he arrives just let me know.

From:
Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 09:52
To:
Subject: RE: Monday

Agree that this can definitely be one person. ☐ if you wouldn't mind handling, that would be amazing. I'm trying to get oppositions to suppression motions drafted in Tartaglione and would be grateful for the extra time.

From:
Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 9:50 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Monday

I think this is probably eminently handle-able by one person, unless anybody disagrees? ☐ I'm happy to join if you'd like, or to just handle, or if you feel like doing it then I'm totally happy to defer (and I'll just continue to prep for California interviews). Agree with ☐ that certainly in the first instance it's likely to involve getting a list of names and not particularly credibility-heavy, such that we'd want a couple people to be able to weigh in on the info up the chain. Thoughts?

From:
Sent: Monday, September 16, 2019 09:26
To:
Subject: RE: Monday

Sorry, this got lost in my inbox. No problem at all if you still need to skip this.

From:
Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 4:13 PM
To:
Subject: Monday

Sorry to ask, but is it okay if I don't join you guys for Monday's interview with ☐ I'm trying to find time to meet with another case team, and it looks like Monday morning would work best for that.

EFTA00030712

It was Epstein's long-time house manager in NY, but we don't know anything beyond that, so the purpose of the interview is really just to identify other employees and see what if anything he saw at the house.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007