From: "___________________________)" &lt;___________________________&gt;
To: "Moyne, Parvin" &lt;___________________________&gt;; ____________________________
Cc: "DiPiero, Joseph" "___________________________" &lt;___________________________&gt;, "___________________________"
Moyer, Thomas
"___________________________&gt;"

Subject: RE: Epstein accounts
Date: Mon, 18 Nov 2019 22:13:29 +0000

Parvin,

Thanks very much for sending – we’ve received the documents and we appreciate you bringing them to our attention.

thanks again,

From: Moyne, Parvin
Sent: Wednesday, November 13, 2019 21:20
To: ____________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;; ____________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;; ____________________________
Cc: DiPiero, Joseph &lt;___________________________; Moyer, Thomas
Subject: Epstein accounts

As you know, we’re in the process of reviewing the Bank’s electronic communications related to its relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. In the course of our ongoing review, we’ve located a chart which appears to identify Epstein’s accounts at J.P. Morgan prior to his transition to Deutsche Bank. The chart was attached to a September 12, 2013 email from Epstein’s accountant, Harry Beller, to Paul Morris’s assistant, Amanda Kirby. The subject line of the email reads: “Let’s discuss.” There is no text in the body of the email, but we know that Epstein was transferring assets from J.P. Morgan to Deutsche Bank around this time.

Notably, the chart identifies several accounts that were previously unknown to us, including a brokerage account belonging to the Butterfly Trust. The chart also identifies the managers of Epstein’s J.P. Morgan brokerage and asset trading accounts. While we had previously flagged Epstein’s relationship to Paul Barrett, we were previously unaware of Epstein’s apparent relationship to Ted Serure or Laurie Cameron. As reflected in the chart, Ted Serure managed the Butterfly Trust account, and, according to Barron’s, he still works at J.P. Morgan Securities.

The referenced chart and email are attached. We will include a bates-stamped version of both documents in our next production, which we are in the process of finalizing. That production will also include a significant number of emails related to Darren Indyke’s cash withdrawal activities. As always, we’re happy to discuss if you have any questions or would like us to follow up further.

Parvin

Parvin Daphne Moyne
AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER &amp; FELD LLP
New York, NY 10036-6745 | USA | Direct: _________________ | Internal: _________________
Fax: _________________ | akingump.com | Bio
EFTA00029805

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

EFTA00029806