Event: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein

Start Date: 2020-05-04 17:45:00 +0000

End Date: 2020-05-04 18:15:00 +0000

Organizer:

Class: X-PERSONAL

Date Created: 2020-04-30 20:04:49 +0000

Date Modified: 2020-04-30 20:04:49 +0000

Priority: 5

DTSTAMP: 2020-04-30 19:51:05 +0000

Attendee:

Alarm: Display the following message 15m before start

Reminder

-- Do not delete or change any of the following text. --

Join Webex Meeting

Meeting number (access code): 470 899 616 Meeting password: RxPNmCtV685

Join from a video system or application

Dial 470899616@khf.webex.com

You can also dial 173.243.2.68 and enter your meeting number.

Join by phone

Tap to call in from a mobile device (attendees only)

+1-415-655-0001 US Toll

Global call-in numbers

Can't join the meeting?

If you are a host, go here to view host information. IMPORTANT NOTICE: Please note that this

EFTA00030336

Webex service allows audio and other information sent during the session to be recorded, which may be discoverable in a legal matter. By joining this session, you automatically consent to such recordings. If you do not consent to being recorded, discuss your concerns with the host or do not join the session.

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00030337