From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;

Subject: RE: FW:

Date: Thu, 06 Aug 2020 00:31:28 +0000

Attachments: 2020.08.06_MDC_-_Maxwell.docx; 2020.08.05,_Maxwell,_Discovery_Letter.pdf

Hi

Thanks for all your help today -- when you send out the drive to MDC tomorrow, here are the two letters (the updated cover letter fixing the designation issue, and the letter to BOP).

Thanks!

---Original Message---

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 5, 2020 5:55 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: &gt;

Subject: RE: FW:

This is a draft letter.

Unfortunately, I do not think the DVDs will work. McAfee is problematic and skips ~300 PDFs when I try to burn it.

---Original Message---

From: &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 5, 2020 4:00 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: &gt; (USANYS) [Contractor]

Subject: Re: FW:

Thanks — would you mind sending me a zipped version please? I'll get this out to defense counsel after

— emails about the other issue. Thanks all.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Aug 5, 2020, at 3:55 PM, &lt; wrote:

&gt;

&gt; , thanks very much for jumping on this.

&gt;

&gt; , per my email a moment ago. It may be easiest to zip these and send that way, or otherwise to send in

&gt; two emails since the total file size is large.

&gt;

&gt; Please anyone let me know if any issues? And thanks again to all for the quick fix.

&gt;

&gt;

&gt; From: (USANYS) [Contractor]

&gt;

&gt; Sent: Wednesday, August 05, 2020 15:50

EFTA00031407

&gt; To:  )  &lt;  &gt;
&gt; Subject:
&gt;
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney United States Attorney's
&gt; Office, SDNY
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000834-sdny_gm_00000846.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000847-sdny_gm_00000852.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000853-sdny_gm_00000874.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000875-sdny_gm_00000900.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000901-sdny_gm_00000903.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000904-sdny_gm_00000905.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000906-sdny_gm_00000918.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000919-sdny_gm_00000924.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000925-sdny_gm_00000955.pdf>
&gt; <sdny_gm_00000956-sdny_gm_00000962.pdf>

EFTA00031408</sdny_gm_00000956-sdny_gm_</sdny_gm_0</sdny_gm_0</sdny_gm_0</sdny_gm_