Good afternoon, my name is Geoffrey Berman, I am the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. Almost exactly one year ago today, I announced a two-count indictment of Jeffrey Epstein by this Office for sexually abusing young girls.

A lot has changed since then.

Rather than face criminal prosecution, Epstein chose – as he so often did – to act selfishly, by taking his own life just mere feet from here in the shadow of the very building where we announced his indictment. Immediately after Epstein committed his final act of cowardice, I announced that the search for those who enabled his hideous conduct would not end. And it has not.

Epstein’s suicide could not extinguish the voices or resolve of his victims, he only emboldened them. Rather than let him have the final word, they chose to speak. Loudly. And with their help, I am announcing the indictment of Ghislaine Maxwell, for [enumerate charges and detail her conduct] for her alleged connection to the sex crimes of Jeffrey Epstein.

This case has been attention-getting and polarizing for so many reasons, the least of which is that the victims of Epstein and Maxwell refuse to remain in the shadows, and their courage and determination have been critical in bringing today’s charges. These women have found their voice and I hope serve as examples for other victims of abuse to come forward. Your voices are being heard and you no longer need to remain in the shadows of abuse. These women deserve respect, empathy, compassion, and most of all, justice.

As we stand in front of the historic federal courthouse, I’ll conclude by saying that today’s charges remind us: no matter how wealthy, powerful, or well-connected you may be, justice is blind in the eyes of the law, and if you abuse young women in this District, you will face justice.

EFTA00029807