From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Memos
Date: Thu, 09 Apr 2020 14:52:11 +0000
Attachments: Geoff_Notes_Potential_Perjury_by_Maxwell.docx

Thanks, that works for the team. In case it's helpful, I'm attaching the list you sent us of Geoff's excerpts, so that nobody needs to search for it.

---Original Message---
From:
Sent: Thursday, April 9, 2020 10:36 AM
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Memos

Could you do a little earlier, maybe around 330?

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Apr 9, 2020, at 10:27 AM, [redacted] wrote:
&gt;
&gt; To add to this, on the Maxwell memo, one issue we've been struggling with is how to address the comments on the perjury section, and that issue isn't straightforward. We think it would be helpful to have a call to talk through the perjury issue-- would it be possible to have a call later today, perhaps around 5?
&gt;
&gt; Thanks--
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt;
&gt; From:
&gt;
&gt; Sent: Thursday, April 9, 2020 10:05 AM
&gt;
&gt; To:
&gt;
&gt; Cc:
&gt;
&gt; Subject: RE: Memos
&gt;
&gt; We circulated updates to both memos internally last night, and we're all hoping to be able to both provide and incorporate comments to the respective drafts today, with the goal of getting you updates later today as well. We should preview that both memos have expanded considerably based on the comments and suggestions, so it may be helpful to do an additional turn once you're able to review so we're sending up the best (and not unnecessarily rushed) products -- it would give everybody some breathing room, I think, if we aimed for very polished final versions early next week. But if you both have very few comments on the next rounds, they likely could get pushed up as early as tomorrow.
&gt;
&gt;

EFTA00031573

&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From
&gt; Sent: Thursday, April 09, 2020 08:51
&gt; To
&gt; Cc
&gt; Subject: Memos
&gt;
&gt; Hey guys,
&gt;
&gt; Do you think you will get either of the memos to us today? Would be great to review one of them so that we can get it to the brass tomorrow while the other is finished up.
&gt;
&gt; Thanks,
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00031574