From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;, " " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " " )" &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: Fwd: Epstein packet
Date: Tue, 23 Jun 2020 13:19:07 +0000

Thank you. Please stay on top of them and keep us posted.

From: &gt;&gt; &lt; &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 9:17 AM
To: &gt;&gt; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: FW: Fwd: Epstein packet

fyi

From: &gt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 9:11 AM
To: &gt;&gt; &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Fwd: Epstein packet

The documents that sent me are not what you're looking for. I'm working to compile the things that were requested and I'll email them to you as soon as I get them together. Please give me another day to track some of this stuff down. I was hoping had everything but he didn't have anything you needed.

&gt;&gt;&gt; " " )" &lt; &gt; 06/23/20 7:42 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
GM :

Can you please advise. If you are able to email docs, that would be great.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " )
Date: June 23, 2020 at 7:39:53 AM EDT
To: &gt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Epstein packet

Great, thx much!

Sent from my iPhone

On Jun 23, 2020, at 7:22 AM, &gt; wrote:

Good morning,

I have sent all documents pertaining to Epstein to &gt; for his review. Once documents have been reviewed he will be in contact with you if he hasn't already done so. If you should need anything else please feel free to contact me

EFTA00030478

Thank you.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

```html
|  Original message  |
| --- |
|  From: " " " <  |
|  Date: 6/22/20 1:53 PM (GMT-05:00)  |
|  To: " " " <  |
|  Subject: Epstein packet  |
```

```html
|  >>> " " )" 06/22/2020 13:53 >>>  |
| --- |
|  Hi Exec (XO):  |
```

Hope all is well.

It is my understanding that you might have mailed requested docs regarding the Epstein investigation to our office. If so, it may have been misplaced since we're not readily at our office due to pandemic. Is there any way the docs can be mailed? Thx and stay well.

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00030479