From: _________________________________________________________________________
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: FW: Requests
Date: Wed, 24 Jun 2020 13:07:30 +0000
Attachments: Hot_lists.pdf; Noel_Acknowledegment.pdf; Noel_Training_Record.pdf

fyi

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2020 8:44 AM
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Requests

Here are a few more things from your request. I have been unable to locate any watch calls or SROs from the requested time frame. I will continue to look for those documents. I have been told SROs were likely not completed during that time and also that most of the Control Center paperwork (originals), to include watch call sheets, were seized by the FBI and/or OIG shortly after the incident, and therefore are no longer in the institution.

Please let me know if you have any questions or if I can be of any further assistance.

Cody

&gt;&gt;&gt; " __________________________________________________________ &gt; 06/23/20 3:55 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thank you, my brother!

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:53 PM
To: _________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Requests

I've attached all the documentation I have pertaining to the below request. I am waiting for a few things from HR and Psychology but wanted to send you what I have right now. I highlighted the items below that are attached in this email.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Special Investigative Agent
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, NY 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; " __________________________________________________________ &gt; 06/12/20 1:54 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hi Cody:

Hope you and fam have been well, as well as MCC staff.

EFTA00030480

Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation:

- The BOP and MCC Employee Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics, and corresponding employee acknowledgement forms for Defendant Noel.
- The MCC institutional familiarization training outline.
- The BOP and MCC policy on cellmates and local Institutional Supplement on Special Housing Unit Regulations, including Institutional Supplement/Program Statement Number P.S. NYM 5270.10.
- The BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training.
- The Inmate Accountability Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5511.08.
- The Security Inspections Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5500.13.
- SHU Watch Call Logs from August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019.
- All SHU Watch Call Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Control Center Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Operations Lieutenant Log Books completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU reports and SRO reviews completed by the SHU Lieutenant during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.

Many thx!

EFTA00030481