From: Nathan NYSD Chambers
To: David Oscar Markus
Cc: " , " , " (USANYS) "
Subject: Re: permission to bring electronics into courthouse in U.S. v. Maxwell, 20-Cr-330 (AJN)
Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 15:56:05 +0000

Good morning,

Pursuant to the Judge's Individual Practices in Criminal Cases, all communications with the Court must be docketed on ECF unless a request to seal is being made. Furthermore, please note that Judge Nathan does not sign electronic device orders for any attorney who has not entered an appearance on ECF in the case for which the order is sought. Finally, the form for the order authorizing electronic devices may be accessed through this link: https://www.nysd.uscourts.gov/sites/default/files/practice_documents/PED%20Pilot%20Program%20-%20Electronic%20Device%20and%20Wi-Fi%20Access%20for%20Attorneys.pdf.

Respectfully,

Law Clerk to the Hon. Alison J. Nathan

From: David Oscar Markus
Sent: Wednesday, April 14, 2021 9:33 AM
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers
Cc:  (  )  (  )  (  )
Subject: permission to bring electronics into courthouse in U.S. v. Maxwell, 20-Cr-330 (AJN)

**CAUTION - EXTERNAL:**

Dear Judge Nathan:

My name is David Oscar Markus, and I am a lawyer in Miami who is representing Ghislaine Maxwell in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals regarding bail. I will be present at the arraignment on April 23 and look forward to meeting you and your staff in person.

My understanding is that out of town lawyers need a court order to take their electronics into the courthouse. I am writing to ask for permission to bring my cell phone and laptop computer. If the Court is agreeable, I am happy to provide a proposed order.

Thank you for your consideration and understanding.

Sincerely,

David Oscar Markus

cc: Bobbi Sternheim
Gov't counsel

EFTA00031442

--David Oscar Markus

Markus/Moss

markuslaw.com

CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening attachments or clicking on links.

EFTA00031443