EFTA00031215

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________", "_________________________", "_________________________"
Subject: Re: Media Inquiry from _______________ - Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry
Date: Fri, 31 Jul 2020 17:32:50 +0000

Gotcha, just thought you might be tracking. Thanks!

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Jul 31, 2020, at 1:16 PM, _______________ wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Hi _______________,
&gt;
&gt; We don't have this document -- it sounds like it's an unsealed filing from a civil suit, and those filings are voluminous, so we don't know which document that is (we're not tracking the unsealed documents).
&gt;
&gt; Thanks,
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: _______________
&gt; Sent: Friday, July 31, 2020 12:45 PM
&gt; To: _______________
&gt; Subject: FW: Media Inquiry from _______________ - Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry
&gt;
&gt; Rather than ask this reporter for a copy of the doc (below), would you happen to have it? Main is asking. Thanks.
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: _______________
&gt; Sent: Friday, July 31, 2020 12:43 PM
&gt; To: Press <press@jmd.usdoj.gov>; NPO@ic.fbi.gov; _______________
&gt; Subject: RE: Media Inquiry from _______________ - Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry
&gt;
&gt; +SDNY team. If you don't have copy of this civil litigation filing reporter is referencing, can you ask reporter for copy of doc?
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: no-reply@usdoj.gov <no-reply@usdoj.gov>
&gt; Sent: Friday, July 31, 2020 12:21 PM
&gt; To: Press <press@jmd.usdoj.gov>
&gt; Subject: Media Inquiry from _______________ - Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry
&gt;
&gt; Date Friday, July 31, 2020 - 12:21pm EDT</press@jmd.usdoj.gov></no-reply@usdoj.gov></press@jmd.usdoj.gov>

&gt; Name:
&gt;
&gt; Email Address:
&gt;
&gt; Media Outlet: Daily Mail - Jeffrey Epstein inquiry
&gt;
&gt; Deadline: ASAP
&gt;
&gt; Inquiry:
&gt;
&gt; Hello, I'm a journalist with the Daily mail and am looking to find out if you have any comment on the claim in newly unsealed court documents that Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz put pressure on the DOJ to give Jeffrey Epstein a favorable plea deal in 2007. The documents were unsealed in a civil case brought by
&gt;
&gt; an Epstein victim, against Ghislaine Maxwell, his alleged madam. Please email or call me on
&gt;
&gt;
EFTA00031216