EFT A00030689

From: "________________________")" &lt;________________________&gt;
To: "________________________")" &lt;________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: updates
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2019 18:37:46 +0000

Also, thank you for putting this together!

From: _________________________) &lt;________________________&gt;
Sent: Friday, August 30, 2019 2:07 PM
To: _________________________) (USANYS) &lt;________________________&gt;;
Cc: _________________________) (USANYS) &lt;________________________&gt;; _________________________) &lt;________________________&gt;;
Subject: updates

Below is a summary update you requested regarding the investigation of co-conspirators. This does not include everything the team is working on (for example, we have a list of legal research issues we are working through as we canvas charging theories), and we're assuming familiarity with our recent memorandum regarding potential co-conspirators. Please let us know if you need any additional information.

- On August 27th, the team met separately with _________________________ and _________________________ are Victim-2 and Victim-3 in the Indictment. During the meetings, _________________________ and _________________________ both conveyed that they are willing to cooperate in an ongoing investigation. _________________________ and _________________________ have previously described _________________________ as the individual through whom they scheduled all of their encounters with Epstein.

- On August 27th, the team met with _________________________, who reported being sexually assaulted at several of Epstein's properties while she was an adult. _________________________ described being recruited to perform massages for Epstein by Ghislaine Maxwell. _________________________ indicated that she would cooperate with our ongoing investigation.

- On August 27th, the team interviewed _________________________, who described being recruited by Ghislaine Maxwell and caused to engage in sexualized massage sessions with Epstein, during which she was sexually assaulted. These assaults occurred in London, Florida, the USVI, and New York, beginning when _________________________ was 17 and continuing into her early twenties. These incidents occurred in the 1990s, before the sex trafficking statutes were enacted. _________________________ indicated that she would cooperate with our ongoing investigation.

- On August 27th, the team met with _________________________, who has previously been interviewed and has described being sexually assaulted by Epstein at several of his properties when she was 17. _________________________ has reported that _________________________ was present during one of these encounters. _________________________ has indicated that she will cooperate with our ongoing investigation.

- On August 29th, the team met with _________________________, _________________________, and _________________________, who have each reported being sexually abused by Epstein while they were adults. We are in the process of scheduling an interview with _________________________, who has accused Ghislaine Maxwell of being involved in her abuse. We anticipate that the interview will occur by videoconference, likely during the next two weeks.

- Next week, the team hopes to travel to Florida for two meetings, subject to weather issues arising from Hurricane Dorian. First, we hope to meet with _________________________ for a second proffer. _________________________ worked as an assistant to Epstein in 2004, reporting to _________________________. Her duties included scheduling two to three "massages" for Epstein each day he was in Florida. Second, we hope to meet with _________________________ for a reverse proffer. When _________________________

was 16, Epstein proposed that she recruit girls for him, and brought her young friends to Epstein for "massages" for several years. was granted immunity by SDFL and provided grand jury testimony, and we hope to pursue as a witness in this case. Our understanding is that coordinated appointments for the victims through .

- On September 6th, we are scheduled to meet with [redacted] defense counsel for an attorney proffer.
- On September 9th, we are scheduled to interview [redacted] by videoconference. [redacted] has accused Ghislaine Maxwell of recruiting her when she was 16.
- On September 16th, we are scheduled to interview [redacted], who worked as Epstein's "house man" in New York for many years. To our knowledge, [redacted] has never been interviewed before.
- During the week of September 16th, the team hopes to travel to California for several meetings. We hope to meet with [redacted], a victim who is described in our previous memorandum regarding co-conspirators. We have previously interviewed [redacted], and we hope to discuss whether [redacted] is willing to cooperate with our ongoing investigation. While we are in California, we also hope to schedule follow-up interviews with [redacted] and [redacted], described above.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00030690