AO 93 (SDNY Rev. 01/17) Search and Seizure Warrant

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

for the

Southern District of New York

In the Matter of the Search of
(Briefly describe the property to be searched
or identify the person by name and address)
) Case No.
)
Six binders with various CDs
)
)

# SEARCH AND SEIZURE WARRANT

To: Any authorized law enforcement officer

An application by a federal law enforcement officer or an attorney for the government requests the search
of the following person or property located in the Southern District of New York
(identify the person or describe the property to be searched and give its location):

See Attachment A

The person or property to be searched, described above, is believed to conceal (identify the person or describe the property
to be seized):

See Attachment A

The search and seizure are related to violation(s) of (insert statutory citations):

I find that the affidavit(s), or any recorded testimony, establish probable cause to search and seize the person or
property.

YOU ARE COMMANDED to execute this warrant on or before
(not to exceed 14 days)

☐ in the daytime 6:00 a.m. to 10 p.m. ☐ at any time in the day or night as I find reasonable cause has been
established.

Unless delayed notice is authorized below, you must give a copy of the warrant and a receipt for the property
taken to the person from whom, or from whose premises, the property was taken, or leave the copy and receipt at the
place where the property was taken.

The officer executing this warrant, or an officer present during the execution of the warrant, must prepare an
inventory as required by law and promptly return this warrant and inventory to the Clerk of the Court.

Upon its return, this warrant and inventory should be filed under seal by the Clerk of the Court.
USMJ Initials

☐ I find that immediate notification may have an adverse result listed in 18 U.S.C. § 2705 (except for delay
of trial), and authorize the officer executing this warrant to delay notice to the person who, or whose property, will be
searched or seized (check the appropriate box) ☐ for 30 days (not to exceed 30).
☐ until, the facts justifying, the later specific date of

Date and time issued:
Judge’s signature

City and state: New York, NY
Hon. James L. Cott, United States Magistrate Judge
Printed name and title

EFTA00030741

AO 93 (SDNY Rev. 01/17) Search and Seizure Warrant (Page 2)

|  Return  |   |   |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Case No.: | Date and time warrant executed: | Copy of warrant and inventory left with:  |
|  Inventory made in the presence of :  |   |   |
|  Inventory of the property taken and name of any person(s) seized:  |   |   |
|  Certification  |   |   |
|  I declare under penalty of perjury that this inventory is correct and was returned along with the original warrant to the Court.
Date:
_________________________
Executing officer’s signature
_________________________
Printed name and title  |   |   |

EFTA00030742

# Attachment A

## I. Items Subject to Search and Seizure

The Subject Items are particularly described as follows¹:

a. Two blue binders with CDs, which were seized by Special Agent [redacted] from a blue suitcase on or about July 11, 2019 (“Subject Item-1”).

b. Three blue binders with various CDs and one clear binder with a green spine with various CDs, all four of which were seized by Special Agent [redacted] from a black suitcase on or about July 11, 2019 (“Subject Item-2”).

## II. Review of ESI on the Subject Items

Law enforcement personnel (who may include, in addition to law enforcement officers and agents, attorneys for the government, attorney support staff, agency personnel assisting the government in this investigation, and outside technical experts under government control) are authorized to review the ESI contained on the Subject Items for evidence, fruits, and instrumentalities of violations of Title 18, United States Code, Sections 1591 (sex trafficking of minors), and 371 (sex trafficking conspiracy) (the “Subject Offenses”) described as follows:

1. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses;
2. Any photographs of victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses;
3. Any nude, partially nude, or sexually suggestive photographs of individuals who appear to be teenage girls, or younger;
4. Records, data, or other items that evidence ownership, control, or use of, or access to the Subject Items, including, but not limited to access history data, historical location data, configuration files, saved usernames and passwords, user profiles, e-mail contacts, and photographs;
5. Any child erotica, defined as suggestive visual depictions of nude minors that do not constitute child pornography as defined by 18 U.S.C. § 2256(8).

¹ To the extent that the Subject Items contain any removable storage media, including CDs, the description of each such item encompasses those other media.

2017.08.02

EFTA00030743

In conducting this review, law enforcement personnel may use various techniques to determine which files or other ESI contain evidence or fruits of the Subject Offenses. Such techniques may include, for example:

- surveying directories or folders and the individual files they contain (analogous to looking at the outside of a file cabinet for the markings it contains and opening a drawer believed to contain pertinent files);
- conducting a file-by-file review by “opening” or reading the first few “pages” of such files in order to determine their precise contents (analogous to performing a cursory examination of each document in a file cabinet to determine its relevance);
- “scanning” storage areas to discover and possibly recover recently deleted data or deliberately hidden files; and
- performing electronic keyword searches through all electronic storage areas to determine the existence and location of data potentially related to the subject matter of the investigation; and
- reviewing metadata, system information, configuration files, registry data, and any other information reflecting how, when, and by whom the computer was used.

Law enforcement personnel will make reasonable efforts to search only for files, documents, or other electronically stored information within the categories identified in Section II of this Attachment. However, law enforcement personnel are authorized to conduct a complete review of all the ESI from seized devices or storage media if necessary to evaluate its contents and to locate all data responsive to the warrant.

2017.08.02
EFTA00030744