From:
To:
Subject: RE: Note
Date: Tue, 10 Sep 2019 19:40:09 +0000

Thank you!

From:
Sent: Tuesday, September 10, 2019 3:39 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Note

Attached are the front and back of the requested note that was in Epstein's cell...

From:
Sent: Friday, September 06, 2019 11:32 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Note

Thank you, I passed this along to my chief.

From:
Sent: Friday, September 6, 2019 10:31 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Note

The Evidence Control Unit advised that this evidence has already been transported to our evidence storage at an offsite. The request has been submitted for the evidence to be brought back to the city - it may not be here by COB today. It will likely be Monday...

On Sep 6, 2019 9:18 AM, [redacted] wrote:
I'm really sorry to ask, I know you guys are working on the other case, but my chief is asking if there is anyone at FBI who could scan a copy of that note in today?

From:
Sent: Friday, September 6, 2019 9:30 AM
To:
Subject: Note

Sure... I'm out of the office today on interviews for another case - but will check it out of evidence and scan beginning of next week. I was under the impression that he wrote a letter and gave it to someone... I started scanning through his file that Lt. [redacted] supplied us but didn't see anything. However, maybe the psychologist you interview today might know something about it...

EFTA00030733

On Sep 6, 2019 8:35 AM,

I think this is the note complaining about prison conditions - could you send us a scanned copy of this? Thank you!

EFTA00030734