From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11
Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 21:32:10 +0000

Thank you!

---Original Message---
From: &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, January 11, 2021 3:48 PM
To: &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11

No problem and Yes everything went smoothly.

&gt; On Jan 11, 2021, at 15:45, &lt; wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Thank you so much for doing this! Did everything go ok?
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: &lt; &gt;
&gt; Sent: Monday, January 11, 2021 11:49 AM
&gt; To: &lt; &gt;
&gt; Cc: &lt; &gt;;
&gt; &lt; &gt;; (USANYS)
&gt; [Contractor] &lt; &gt; (USANYS)
&gt; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
&gt; Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11
&gt;
&gt; I'm here in front MDC on 29th Avenue but not totally sure where you would like to meet. Give me a call when you have a chance.
&gt;
&gt; &lt; &gt;
&gt; &gt; On Jan 11, 2021, at 10:54, wrote:
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Yes, that works for us!
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; " &lt; 1/11/2021 10:47 AM &gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; I will be picking up the drives today. Are you available to run out
&gt;&gt; to me around 11:30?
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; or ideally I'd be bringing the drives directly to you
&gt;&gt; after pick up. Are you available around 12-1230?
&gt;&gt;

EFTA00030870

&gt;&gt; Feel free to call me at

On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48,
&gt;&gt; wrote:
&gt;&gt; It will be myself or
&gt;&gt; Best,
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; " " )" &lt; 1/8/2021 2:20
&gt;&gt; PM &gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Good afternoon,
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my
&gt;&gt; office
&gt;&gt; to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd
&gt;&gt; Special Agent , who will be coordinating the delivery.
&gt;&gt; Would
&gt;&gt; you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the
&gt;&gt; delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday?
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Thank you all very much for your help.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Best,
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Assistant United States Attorney
&gt;&gt; Southern District of New York
&gt;&gt; 1 St. Andrew's Plaza
&gt;&gt; New York, NY 10007
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; <mailto:>

EFTA00030871</mailto:>