From: " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USANYS)" &lt; " " " (USAN

Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Date: Wed, 30 Oct 2019 17:22:40 +0000

Attachments: 2019-08-27, _nolle_conference.pdf

For the first question, the AUSAs contacted the attorneys we were aware of who represented victims to tell them that their clients were welcome to attend and to make a statement. I believe [redacted] also sent out notifications, and hopefully she can tell us how many she sent.

For the second question, based on my review of the transcript (attached), a total of 17 victims were present at the hearing and either spoke at the hearing or had someone read a statement for them. An additional 7 did not attend the hearing but had someone else speak for them or read a statement from them. It is possible there were others present who were not referenced on the record.

I don't think we can answer the third question. I don't recall anyone off the top of my head who wanted to attend but was unable to, but it's possible there were some in that position.

From: " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " &gt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 1:06 PM

To: " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " (USAN

Subject: FW: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Importance: High

Are we able to answer these questions for ODAG quickly? I am sure we can answer the second, and maybe the first – not sure about the third.

From: " " (ODAG) &lt; " " " &gt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 12:53 PM

To: " " (USANYS) &lt; " " " &gt;

Cc: " " (ODAG) &lt; " " " &gt;

Subject: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Importance: High

The Petitioner in the Epstein CVRA case has filed an appeal to the 11th Circuit. One of their issues is the District Court's refusal to hold a hearing allowing the Epstein victims to "have their day in court." The Court's ruling is, in part, on the basis that a hearing held in SDNY satisfied this request. The Petitioner has alleged that not all of the Epstein victims who wanted to speak were able to do so at the New York hearing because they did not have sufficient notice and were unable to travel to NY.

EFTA00031395

Can your office provide us some details about the following: 1) how many victims were contacted about making a victim impact statement; 2) how many victims were able to travel and make an in-person victim impact statement; and 3) how many victims indicated they wanted to make a victim impact statement but were unable to do so given the notice/timing of the hearing?

Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I'm very sorry for the quick turnaround but the Department's response to the mandamus petition is due tomorrow.

I really appreciate your assistance.

National Coordinator for Child Exploitation Prevention &amp; Interdiction
Office of the Deputy Attorney General

EFTA00031396