From:
To:
Cc: "Mark S. Cohen" , 'Jeff Pagliuca' &lt;
Laura Menninger , "BOBBI C STERNHEIM" &lt;

Subject: RE: Letter

Date: Thu, 29 Oct 2020 02:20:54 +0000

Attachments: 2020-10-28_Letter_to_GM_counsel_re_Rule_16_and_Brady_(final).pdf

Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg

Counsel,

Please see attached.

Best,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 11:04 AM
To: Christian Everdell &lt;;; &lt;; &gt;;
(USANYS) &lt;;; &gt;; 'Jeff Pagliuca' &lt;;; Laura Menninger
Cc: Mark S. Cohen &lt;;; 'Jeff Pagliuca' &lt;;; &gt;; 'Jeff Pagliuca'
Subject: RE: Letter

Chris,

We are continuing to review the requests in your letter, and we intend to provide you with a written response to those requests as soon as we are able. We note, though, that your letter makes dozens of broad requests – including at least one request that Judge Nathan has already denied. As a result, although we fully intend to respond in sufficient time to permit you to make any motion you deem appropriate in December consistent with the Court’s schedule, we do not anticipate being able to do so on or before October 21, 2020.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 9:26 AM
To: 'Christian Everdell' &lt;;; &gt;; &lt;; &gt;;
(USANYS) &lt; &lt;

EFTA00030567

Cc: Mark S. Cohen
Jeff Pagliuca
Laura Menninger
Subject: RE: Letter

Received, thank you.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

From: Christian Everdell
Sent: Tuesday, October 13, 2020 11:38 PM
To:
Cc: Mark S. Cohen
Jeff Pagliuca
Laura Menninger
Subject: Letter

Please see the attached letter.

Regards,
Chris

Christian Everdell

# COHEN &amp; GRESSER LLP

800 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022

New York | Paris | Washington DC | London

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you.

PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: https://www.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy.

EFTA00030568