# Declaration of Custodian of Records

Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746, I, the undersigned, hereby declare:

My name is _____________________________.
(name of declarant)

I am a United States citizen and I am over eighteen years of age. I am a custodian of records of the business named below (the "Business"), or I am otherwise qualified as a result of my position with the Business to make this declaration.

I have reviewed records¹ of the Business, which have been provided to law enforcement in connection with an investigation and prosecution by the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York. Those records consist of the following (collectively, the "Records"):

AT&amp;T Wireless invoice dated May 5, 2004 for account number 0043811863 in the name of Jeffrey E Epstein

Pursuant to Rules 902(11) and 803(6) of the Federal Rules of Evidence, I hereby certify that the foregoing Records of the Business:

(1) were made at or near the time of the occurrence of the matters set forth in the records, by, or from information transmitted by, a person with knowledge of those matters;
(2) were kept in the course of regularly conducted business activity; and
(3) were made by the regularly conducted business activity as a regular practice.

I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.

Executed on _________________________.
(date)

(signature of declarant)

(name and title of declarant)

(name of business)

(business address)

¹ As defined in Fed. R. Evid. 803(6), “record” includes a memorandum, report, record, or data compilation, in any form, of acts, events, conditions, opinions, or diagnoses. The term “business” as used in Fed. R. Evid. 803(6) and the above declaration includes business, institution, association, profession, occupation, and calling of every kind, whether or not conducted for profit.

EFTA00030763