From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein

Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 01:33:35 +0000

Importance: Normal

Thanks! I'm still at my desk, but hoping to get home before midnight. Thanks again for covering! You're the greatest.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Sunday, July 7, 2019 9:28 PM

To: ) &lt;

Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein

Congratulations again!!! So much press coverage. So little time. I hope you're able to get some sleep before the big day tomorrow. PS I moved my meeting so I'll be handling the sentencing myself. Let me know if you need anything else.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Sunday, July 7, 2019 1:08 PM

To:

Cc: ) &lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;

Subject: Jeffrey Epstein

Hey PCU – As you likely may have seen/heard at this point, last evening, we arrested Jeffrey Epstein on sex trafficking charges. Epstein is in custody and will be presented and arraigned on an Indictment that will be unsealed tomorrow morning.

The case is an incredibly important one – not only is the conduct extremely serious and deeply disturbing – but our charges ensure that dozens if not more of Epstein's victims, girls who were as young as 14 at the time they were abused, will finally have their day in court. It is an extraordinarily worthy prosecution and just the latest example of how this unit will never shy away from bringing tough cases against powerful people who have committed grievous crimes.

Please join me and in extending a very well-deserved congratulations to the team, who have worked tirelessly to make this case happen (and happen so quickly). They have done us all proud, and if you are free, we hope you join us for the press conference formally announcing the charges, which should happen Monday morning at 11.

&amp;

EFTA00030224