From:
To:
Subject: RE: GM
Date: Wed, 01 Jul 2020 13:19:15 +0000

We could also unseal but not have the press office blast it out to the world until tomorrow morning. It's, of course, possible word gets out that she's been arrested and folks start asking for it (at which point I assume we could then give it to them), although I don't think the Epstein arrest did get out immediately, somewhat surprisingly.

That said, I also don't have any problem putting out the indictment this afternoon and announcing there will be a press conference first thing tomorrow morning. I know Audrey has some concerns about that, but subject to the views of the press office, I would think a little delay teased with the details in the indictment would heighten, not diminish, interest in the press conference.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 9:15 AM
To:
Subject: Re: GM

We did. The difference is that the courthouse was closed. I think we would do that if it were after business hours. The question is whether the same thing applies if she is arrested at 2 p.m. today.

On Jul 1, 2020, at 9:11 AM
wrote:

I just looked back at what we did on Epstein, because we obviously dealt with the same issue of him being arrested a day or two before the press conference. It looks like we kept it under seal (but gave his lawyers a copy) until Monday morning, and did the press conference shortly thereafter.

That said, I don't feel strongly, particularly if she's arrested late this afternoon, and we plan to do press conference early tomorrow morning.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 9:07 AM
To:
Subject: Re: GM

Even 1 pm is sort of late to do a conference today. What are your thoughts about unsealing if she is arrested during business hours while our clerk's office is open, but isn't presented until tomorrow?

On Jul 1, 2020, at 9:03 AM,
wrote:

FYI, the presentment cut off in DNH is 1pm, and if we miss it, she'll get held in a local jail until tomorrow morning. Consistent with your views this morning, I might propose that we suggest to Audrey and the press office that if we don't have her by 1, we plan to put off the press conference until tomorrow morning, since at that point she won't be presented until tomorrow in any event.

EFTA00031105

EFTA00031106