EFTA00030169

From: " " " "
To: " "
Cc: "

Subject: Re: counsel having difficulty meeting with client

Date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 22:38:52 +0000

Importance: Normal

Thanks so much for the quick response (and solution). Mr. Weinberg should be able to get back to MCC in about 30 minutes so should be all set, and I’ll let you know if he reaches out to me with any issues.

thanks again,

On Jul 7, 2019, at 18:28, wrote:

He's in with an attorney now (not sure which) but I cleared Mr. Weinberg to go in too.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---
From: " " " " " &lt; &gt;
Date: 7/7/19 6:18 PM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: RE: counsel having difficulty meeting with client

&gt;&gt;&gt; " " " " " )" 07/07/2019 18:18 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Massachusetts

From:
Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 18:18
To: " " " " " &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: counsel having difficulty meeting with client

Sorry , just seeing this now. Where is he barred?

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---
From: " " " " " &lt; &gt;
Date: 7/7/19 5:36 PM (GMT-05:00)
To: " " " " "

Subject: RE: counsel having difficulty meeting with client

&gt;&gt;&gt; "________________________")" 07/07/2019 17:36 &gt;&gt;&gt;

With apologies for the weekend email, we have a defendant, Jeffrey Epstein, who was arrested last night and is currently being detained at MCC, and is expected to be presented on an indictment tomorrow. His attorney, Martin Weinberg, has represented him in the past, and represents him in connection with our case and has been in touch with us throughout the weekend. He went to MCC today to meet with him in advance of the presentment tomorrow, but was just told he is not allowed in because he is from out-of-state.

We're concerned about the defendant not having access to his attorney in advance of the presentment (as we would be for any defendant) and so I wanted to reach out to you—is it at all possible to address this issue so Mr. Weinberg can meet with his client this evening? I'm available anytime at ___________ to discuss, if that's helpful, or Mr. Weinberg can also be reached directly at ___________ if that's easier (though if you reach out directly to him if you could please just let me know afterward I'd be grateful).

thanks very much,

EFTA00030170