From: [REDACTED]

To: [REDACTED]

Subject: RE: grand jury

Date: Tue, 23 Jun 2020 15:07:07 +0000

This is perfect—thanks so much! Really appreciate the help. Hope you're doing well!

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 10:34 AM

To: [REDACTED]

Subject: RE: grand jury

Hey – here's the PowerPoint with everything from your two emails. For the excerpts, I was a bit unsure because there were a lot of objections which I chose to leave in out of caution. Let me know if I should be going back and making changes.

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Monday, June 22, 2020 10:32 PM

To: [REDACTED]

Subject: RE: grand jury

Will,

Apologies for piling on, but if you could please also make slides that have the following excerpts of the attached deposition testimony, that would be a huge help as well:

- The cover page of both days of testimony (so the caption and date shows)
- The following five excerpts (I think you should be able to just control-F to locate):

1)

Q. Did Jeffrey Epstein have a scheme to recruit underage girls for sexual massages? If you know.

A. I don't know what you're talking about.

2)

Q. List all the people under the age of 18 that you interacted with at any of Jeffrey's properties?

A. I'm not aware of anybody that I interacted with, other than obviously [redacted] who was 17 at this point.

3)

Q: Were you aware of the presence of sex toys or devices used in sexual activities in Mr. Epstein's Palm Beach house?

EFTA00031836

A: No, not that I recall. . .

Q. Do you know whether Mr. Epstein possessed sex toys or devices used in sexual activities?

A. No.

4)

Q. Other than yourself and the blond and brunette that you have identified as having been involved in three-way sexual activities, with whom did Mr. Epstein have sexual activities?

A. I wasn't aware that he was having sexual activities with anyone when I was with him other than myself.

Q. I want to be sure that I'm clear. Is it your testimony that in the 1990s and 2000s, you were not aware that Mr. Epstein was having sexual activities with anyone other than yourself and the blond and brunette on those few occasions when they were involved with you?

A. That is my testimony, that is correct.

5)

Q. Is it your testimony that you've never given anybody a massage?

A. I have not given anyone a massage.

Q. You never gave Mr. Epstein a massage, is that your testimony?

A. That is my testimony.

Q. You never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage is your testimony?

A. I never gave [Minor Victim-2] a massage.

Thank you! Very much appreciated.

From:
Sent: Monday, June 22, 2020 7:17 PM
To:
Subject: RE: grand jury

EFTA00031837

Fantastic, thanks! Attached is a sample slide for a model. All the slides will be this same format—the document is an excerpt from flight records. The records are attached – could you please make slides excerpting the records (and flagging the date) for the following flight dates:

- November 11, 1996.
- May 9, 1997
- May 3, 1998
- August 18, 1994
- August 20, 1994
- January 3, 1995
- February 12, 1995

No need for any introductory material – I’ll just drag these slides into my presentation once you prep them. Thanks a ton! This is a big help.

From:
Sent: Monday, June 22, 2020 7:10 PM
To:
Subject: Re: grand jury

Hi

I’ll be sure to have time tomorrow. Just let me know what you need and I can handle it.

Will

On Jun 22, 2020, at 6:50 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Hey

I’m working on a grand jury presentation on a compressed timeframe, and was hoping you might be able to help put together a few slides. I’m handling the rest of the slides, but if you could possibly make about seven slides to drop in, that would be a big help – I need to add a few that will all be the same format. Any chance you have time tomorrow?

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00031838