Instructions: Complete the form (page 2) and break down your travel hours in this format. Once this form is completed return to Nick Siu in the Human Resources Office. The hours deemed creditable will be forwarded to your supervisor for approval then your timekeeper for processing. Not all time is creditable so it is important that you provide as much detail as you possibly can.

ie. Travel Log

|  EXAMPLE
TRAVEL LOG DESCRIPTION OF TIME PERIOD | TIME CLAIMED |   | FOR HR USE ONLY  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Part I - Travel to TDY Station | From | To |   |
|  Waiting at airport | 9:30am | 1:30pm |   |
|  LGA to Washington | 1:30pm | 3:00pm |   |
|  Connecting flight - Washington to Columbia, SC (flight delay 2 hours) | 3:00pm | 6:30pm |   |
|  Airport to hotel | 6:30pm | 7:00pm |   |

## Additional Information Regarding Compensatory Time for Travel

* FLSA Status- AUSAs are exempt; Support staff GS-8 and below are generally non-exempt.
* Compensatory time for travel (CT/T) from office to airport during hours that are not part of your Tour-of-Duty is creditable.
* Compensatory time for travel (CT/T) is a different entitlement that other OT/CT benefits and has different rules.
* Compensable time can only be credited in full 15 minute increments. Rounding is not appropriate.
* Time driving to airport from home is not creditable if airport is within boundaries of Official Duty Station (defined as a 50 mile radius of workplace).
* Time driving to home from airport, after return flight from TDY, is not creditable.
* Creditable time at airport awaiting a departing flight cannot exceed two (2) hours.
* Personal time for bona fide meal periods, sleep, rest, etc., during the waiting periods are excluded.
* Time that falls within or during an employee's regular duty hours is not creditable.
* When travel is driving personal or government vehicle from home to a TDY location outside the Official Duty Station, creditable time starts at time left home, but agency must reduce time by the employee's normal commute time from his/her home to office.
* When employee must go to workplace before starting travel to TDY location, creditable time starts when employee leaves the office.
* Regular commuting time for trips to and from the initial and final departure terminal and home are excluded.

EFTA00030427

EFTA00030428

# REQUEST FOR COMPENSATORY TIME (CT/T) FOR TRAVEL REQUEST AND CERTIFICATION

Name: [Redacted] SSN: [Redacted] *FLSA(✓): Exempt ☐ NonExempt ☐ Date of Request: 11/06/19

Tour of Duty: (ie. 9:00 am - 5:30 pm) 9:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
Normal Commute Time to Work: 15 minutes

Timekeeper:

Destination: Santa Monica, CA

Date of departure: Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2019
Date of return from travel: Friday, Nov. 15, 2019
Pay Period: 23

☑ After travel has been completed, complete the applicable items below and certify information provided. Time claimed must be in 15 minute increments.

|  TRAVEL LOG DESCRIPTION OF TIME PERIOD | TIME CLAIMED |   | FOR HR USE ONLY  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Part I - Travel to TDY Station | From | To |   |
|  Travel to JFK (11/13) | 2:00 p.m. | 2:55 p.m. |   |
|  Wait for flight at JFK (11/13) | 2:55 p.m. | 3:30 p.m. |   |
|  JFK to LAX flight (11/13) | 3:30 p.m. | 10:10 p.m. |   |
|  LAX to hotel (11/13) | 10:10 p.m. | 10:40 p.m. |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  ** NOTE: these times are all local time for consistency |  |  |   |
|  PART II - Travel from TDY Station |  |  |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  ** NOTE: these times are all local time for consistency |  |  |   |

Employee Certification (Sign): [Redacted]
Date: 2019.11.06 19:12:11 -08:00

Supervisory Certification (Sign):

Total CT/T Hours Approved: _____________ Approved by: _______________

Date: 18 November 2019

Date: _____________

Date: _____________