From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (IMD) (FBI)" &lt;

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

(USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Date: Mon, 01 Apr 2019 16:26:29 +0000

Importance: Normal

Following up on the below, please advise whether the full set of records is uploaded to the W drive for the agents' access? Our office is concerned that we requested these materials initially more than two months ago and still do not have them. Please let us know as soon as possible what the status is? And if there are any impediments, we can assist in expediting.

thanks very much,

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Friday, March 29, 2019 16:39

To: (IMD) (FBI)

Cc: (NY) (FBI)

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Hi

Just following up on our conversation from Wednesday. I am writing to see if everything has been uploaded to the W drive.

Thank so much,

From:

Sent: Wednesday, February 13, 2019 9:53 AM

To: (IMD) (FBI)

Cc: (USANYS)

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Hi

Wanted to quickly check in to follow up on our conversations last week and earlier this week – I think you were able to transmit the scanned records to , but I'm not sure whether that was just the 16,000 pages you mentioned when we last spoke, or if you were able to get all 29,000 to her? And we're also hoping to confirm for sure that all the materials

EFTA00030220

you received were definitely scanned in, and to get an index or catalog of those materials (including what media was included).

Another person on our team, [redacted], who's copied, is jumping in to coordinate on this, so if it's easier to chat via phone her number is [redacted], and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end.

thanks again!

From: [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2019 17:19
To: [redacted] (IMD) (FBI) [redacted] &gt;
Cc: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] (USANYS) [redacted]; [redacted]; (NY) (FBI) [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Following up on our conversation from yesterday, wanted to send a quick email as promised so you have my full contact info – I’m reachable at this email address or by phone at [redacted] (office) or [redacted] (cell). Please don’t hesitate to reach out anytime day or night if we can provide any useful info, or if you have any questions at all, and we appreciate you talking with us about the records information. Let us know if it makes sense to set up another call for Friday or early next week to check in on the questions we had, and thanks very much for your help.

thanks again,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00030221