From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Monday Grand Jury
Date: Fri, 26 Jun 2020 17:48:40 +0000

See below. Adding

Monday 6/29

|  AUSA | Case/USAO | Time | Indictment (Y/N?) | Seal/Arrest warrant?  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | Ghislaine Maxwell, 2018R01618 | 10:00-11:30 Conf. Room A | Y |   |
|   |  | 11:30-12:00 | Y |   |
|  |   |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |   |

From:
Sent: Friday, June 26, 2020 1:01 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Monday Grand Jury

Hi All,

Fyi, please see below. Thanks

From:
Sent: Friday, June 26, 2020 11:03 AM
To:
Cc:

Subject: Monday Grand Jury

Welcome to White Plains. Here is the schedule for Monday. Please reply with the case name and USAO number for your case. This schedule may change and cases will likely be added. Please do your best to stick to your allotted time. A couple of pieces of information for the day in case you haven't been to White Plains:

- Please arrive early and wear a mask as you enter the courthouse. Come to the 3rd floor. We will have fresh masks available when you arrive.
- Please have your agents park in the street or use the municipal lot near the Courthouse.
- Dion will provide you with your room assignment for the day if you need a place to prep or do other work.
- You'll have access to copiers and computers to you copy/print/email.

EFTA00031839

- You must fill out a slip before you enter the grand jury which we'll provide.
- The grand jury session will be held on the first floor in the jury assembly room.
- There is an Elmo and laptop hookup in the GJ room.
- After you vote your indictment bring it back to the third floor where it will be scanned and emailed to the duty magistrate. The last person will have to do the returns at the end of the day. If you need arrest warrants and/or sealing please don't forget to provide the warrants and the reasons for the sealing to them.

Monday 6/29

|  AUSA | Case/USAO | Time | Indictment (Y/N?) | Seal/Arrest warrant?  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   |  | 10:00-11:30
Conf. Room A | Y |   |
|  |   |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |   |

EFTA00031840