From: " " )" &lt;

To: " " )" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Date: Mon, 01 Jun 2020 18:53:49 +0000

Indeed.

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 18:26

To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: Re: Epstein

That blows, must be so frustrating. Sorry to hear that.

I won't bother you with every inane observation, but I sure felt like Graydon Carter could have written a better statement than the one they show at the end of episode 1; “We thought we’d lose a lawsuit if we published it,” not exactly a profile in courage.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On May 29, 2020, at 4:08 PM, [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Yeah I totally agree with your initial thoughts, and you'll have to let me know what you think if you keep watching.
&gt;
&gt; And yeah, it's unfortunate especially because if COVID wasn't an issue, I think we'd be really close to making decisions on the other folks! But no way we can move forward even in the next month or two with all this going on (and our subjects not being ongoing threats to public safety, obviously).
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---

&gt; From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

&gt; Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 13:55

&gt; To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

&gt; Thanks so much! I'm really interested in your insights. I'm almost through the episode and find the pacing to be a little tedious, possibly foreshadowing that they made what should be a short series into a long one. (And I've seen a couple of reviews suggesting something similar.)
&gt;
&gt; I would imagine you guys aren't super excited about the renewed energy (and pressure) the anniversary will bring. There's definitely a buzz in the air. Thanks again for sending notes!
&gt;
&gt; Sent from my iPhone
&gt;
&gt;&gt; On May 29, 2020, at 1:49 PM, [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Ha I literally just sent the team my notes on it, I watched the whole thing over the past couple days. Have you watched it yet? I'll forward you my email to them.

EFTA00031312

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;---Original Message---
&gt;&gt;From:  ) &lt;
&gt;&gt;Sent: Friday, May 29, 2020 13:35
&gt;&gt;To:  ) &lt;
&gt;&gt;Subject: Epstein
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;Started watching the new Netflix doc yet?
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt;Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00031313