Page 1 of 3

---START MESSAGE--- Subject: eFOIA Request Received Sent: 2018-12-06T12:21:29.820058+00:00 Status: pending Message:

# Individual Information

|  Prefix |   |
| --- | --- |
|  First Name | Live  |
|  Middle Name |   |
|  Last Name | Attenot  |
|  Suffix |   |
|  Email |   |
|  Phone |   |
|  Location | United States  |

# Domestic Address

|  Address Line 1 | NA  |
| --- | --- |
|  Address Line 2 |   |
|  City | NA  |
|  State | California  |
|  Postal | NA  |

# Agreement to Pay

|  How you will pay | I am requesting a fee waiver for my request and have reviewed the FOIA reference guide. If my fee waiver is denied, I am willing to pay additional fees and will enter that maximum amount in the box below  |
| --- | --- |
|  Allow up to $ | 1,000  |

# Proof Of Affiliation for Fee Waiver

|  Waiver Explanation | This request is NOT for any commercial use. This request is being made specifically because of the compelling public interest in the FBI's operations as they relate to convicted and prolific sex offenders like Jeffrey Epstein. Furthermore, open source reporting shows that Epstein had close ties with former president Bill Clinton, current president Donald Trump, Prince Andrew, and other politicians and heads-of-state. For that additional reason, the public interest here outweighs any on-going right to privacy that may be in play.

"Documents shall be furnished without any charge or at reduced rate . . . If disclosure of the information is in the public interest because it is likely to contribute significantly to public understanding of the operations or activities of the government and is not primarily in the commercial interest of the requester."

All 6 of the factors are met in this case. 1) The request is clearly related to the operations of the federal government in general and the FBI in particular. 2) The request is likely to contribute to the public's understanding of the FBI's handling of Epstein. 3) The request is likely to contribute to the public's understanding if intend to publish all records received, and 4) Considering Epstein's reported ties to former and current presidents and royals, any information you can provide would absolutely be significant.  |
| --- | --- |

Documentation Files

file://hqrd-sfile-fdps/FDPS_Repository/EFOIA/b83d/EMailCorrespondence.html

12/19/2018

EFTA00030118

Page 2 of 3

# Non-Individual FOIA Request

## Request Information

I am requesting records related to Jeffrey Epstein (DoB: 01/20/1963), and the investigation that was conducted between roughly 2006 and 2010.

Specifically, I am requesting the following:

1) Copies of any and all unredacted investigative reports that have not already been published at https://vault.fbi.gov/jeffrey-epstein.
2) Any and all video and photos taken by investigators as part of the aforementioned investigation.
3) Any and all videos and photos that were collected as evidence from Epstein's property (houses, planes, etc.).
4) Names of any and all co-conspirators that were identified during the course of the aforementioned investigation.
5) Confirmation as to whether any additional investigations have been undertaken in to Epstein or any of the co-conspirators that were identified subsequent to the aforementioned investigation.
6) Copies of any and all directives, policies, instructions, or agreements relating to the FBI's investigations into Epstein and his co-conspirators, especially any that may, in any way, limit, hinder, or prevent the FBI from investigating or prosecuting Epstein and/or his co-conspirators.
7) Copies of any emails sent or received by Robert Mueller (then head of the FBI) that include the word "Epstein" or that otherwise relate to the aforementioned investigation.

# Expedite

## Expedite Reason

I am requesting this request be expedited on the following basis:

1) The request is made by a person primarily engaged in disseminating information to the public and the information is urgently needed to inform the public concerning some actual or alleged federal government activity

I intend to publish (non-commercially) any and all responsive records that you provide, specifically for the purpose of disseminating said information to the public. The information is needed urgently to inform the public about a matter that is currently making headlines (e.g., https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/florida-trial-expected-to-feature-details-of-billionaire-sex-criminal

2) The subject of the request is of widespread and exceptional media interest and the information sought involves possible questions about the government's integrity which affect public confidence.

This subject is unquestionably of widespread and exceptional media interest (sample of recent news stories below), and the information requested speaks directly to the government's integrity in investigating and prosecuting prolific child sex predators, which absolutely affects public confidence.

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/house-democrats-want-investigation-into-labor-secretaries-behavior-when-he-was-u

https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/policy/economy/democrats-seek-justice-investigation-into-labor-secretary-a

https://www.thedailybeast.com/lawmakers-demand-probe-of-labor-secretary-acosta-over-sex-abuser-jeffrey-epstein

https://www.miamiherald.com/latest-news/article222697265.html

***

Please be advised that efoia@subscriptions.fbi.gov is a no-reply email address. Questions regarding your FOIA request may be directed to foipaquestions@fbi.gov. If you have received a FOIPA request number, please include this in all correspondence concerning your request. Please note eFOIPA requests are processed in the order that they are received. If you have not received a FOIPA request number, your request is in the process of being opened at which time it will be assigned a FOIPA request number and correspondence will be forthcoming.

***

Upon receipt of your FOIPA request number, you may check the status of your FOIPA request on the FBI’s electronic FOIA Library (The Vault) on the FBI’s public website, http://vault.fbi.gov by clicking on the ‘Check Status of Your FOIPA Request tool’ link. Status updates are performed on a weekly basis. If you receive a comment that your FOIPA request number was not located in the database, please check back at a later date.

file://hqrd-sfile-fdps/FDPS_Repository/EFOIA/b83d/EMailCorrespondence.html

12/19/2018

EFTA00030119

Page 3 of 3

---END MESSAGE---

file://hqrd-sfile-fdps/FDPS_Repository/EFOIA/b83d/EMailCorrespondence.html
12/19/2018
EFTA00030120