From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;&gt;
To: " )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: v. Indyke, et al.
Date: Tue, 24 Mar 2020 17:41:53 +0000
Attachments: Notice_of_Deposition_-_Maxwell.pdf

FYI.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL. 33301
www.bsflp.com

From: Aneisha Christie
Sent: Tuesday, March 24, 2020 1:40 PM
To: Laura Menninger &lt;&gt;; Jeff Pagliuca &lt;&gt;;
Cc: Sigrid McCawley ; David Boies2 &gt;&gt;; Andrew Villacastin &lt;&gt;; Sabina Mariella &lt;&gt;; Josh Schiller &lt;&gt;
Subject: v. Indyke, et al.

Dear Counsel,

Attached please find Plaintiff, Notice of Deposition of Ghislaine Maxwell in regards to the above-referenced matter.

Please don't hesitate to contact our office should you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter.

Thank You,

Aneisha Christie

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00030305