From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;&gt;
To: " " " " &gt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein
Date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 02:44:18 +0000

Great work – thanks!

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
www.bsflp.com

From: [ ] [mailto: ]
Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 10:40 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein

Sigrid,

Thanks very much for being in touch, and for the kind words – this hit the news much faster than we anticipated, so unfortunately we weren’t able to directly reach all the folks we wanted to before the reports came out, but we truly and greatly appreciate your help and the help of your clients throughout our investigation. And we expect that the investigation will expand significantly in the coming weeks, so I’m sure we’ll be in touch.

thanks again,

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;&gt;
Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:30
To: [ ]
Subject: Epstein

Thank you for having the courage to see justice. I spoke to [ ] moments ago and she was in tears hearing that Epstein has finally been arrested for his years of criminal abuse.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
www.bsflp.com

EFTA00030241

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00030242