EFTA00031722

From: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Press Conference at Epstein's
Date: Tue, 28 Jan 2020 00:20:47 +0000

Same here ☐, ditto.

SSA
FBI New York

On Jan 27, 2020 7:17 PM, " " )" &lt; &gt; wrote:
I honestly cannot tell you how grateful and appreciative we are about our relationship with you (and with ☐ and ☐) – it’s incredibly comforting and helpful to consistently be on the same page. Thanks as always, and we’ll be in touch per usual.

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, January 27, 2020 19:14
To: &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: Press Conference at Epstein’s

I’m sure, not a problem, we’ve always been on the same page. Up the chain of command may be a different story😊.

SSA
FBI New York

On Jan 27, 2020 7:10 PM, " " )" &lt; &gt; wrote:
It was a complete surprise man. We’ve been dealing with all kinds of after-affects all day.

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, January 27, 2020 19:08
To: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Cc: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;, (NY) (FBI)
Subject: RE: Press Conference at Epstein’s

Ok ☐ thanks for getting back to me. Just caught a lot of people off guard over here, sounds like it did with you as well. No worries, talk to you soon.

SSA
FBI New York

On Jan 27, 2020 5:47 PM, " " )" &lt; &gt; wrote:
☐.

This morning’s press conference took us by surprise -- our supervisors did not say anything to us about it in

advance, and in particular had no idea that there would be comments about the active investigation. Our understanding now is that the event was in connection with Safe Horizon, the victim services organization, and that Geoff answered at least one specific question about the investigation, relating to Prince Andrew. We just heard from [REDACTED] that he spoke to [REDACTED] about it (I think earlier today?) so everybody is playing catch up.

---Original Message---
From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) <br/>
Sent: Monday, January 27, 2020 15:28
To: [REDACTED] <br/>
<br/>
Cc: [REDACTED] <br/>
(NY) (FBI) <br/>
Subject: Press Conference at Epstein's

All,

I have been getting some questions about the press conference that occurred today at Epstein's mansion, do any of you know that was about? Our media affairs department has been getting questions. In addition, our Victim Specialists have been fielding calls from irate victims who weren't notified.

https://twitter.com/AaronKatersky/status/1221833096686903299/photo/1

thanks,

SSA
Squad C-20
Crimes Against Children/Human Trafficking FBI New York
office
mobile

EFTA00031723