From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Fox News Channel Request - EPSTEIN
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2019 20:11:52 +0000

No, unfortunately.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, November 6, 2019 3:11 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Fox News Channel Request - EPSTEIN

At least some of this is false. Is this someone we know?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, November 6, 2019 9:49 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Fwd: Fox News Channel Request - EPSTEIN

FYI

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Llenas, Bryan"
Date: November 6, 2019 at 9:31:35 AM EST
To:
Subject: Fox News Channel Request - EPSTEIN

Hi

My name is Bryan Llenas and I am a National Correspondent at the Fox News Channel.

Mark Epstein, the brother of Jeffrey Epstein, is telling Fox News Channel that the SDNY is withholding Jeffrey's full medical examiner files and that the SDNY continues to cancel meetings on him.

Does the SDNY have a response to Mark's claims above?

What does the SDNY have to say about his claims that no one has given him evidence or explained to him why they ruled his brother's death a homicide?

EFTA00031699

We'd like to publish an article today - including a statement from the SDNY.

I hope to hear from you soon.

All the best,

Bryan Llenas
Correspondent
Fox News Channel
New York Bureau

This message and its attachments may contain legally privileged or confidential information. It is intended solely for the named addressee. If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to the addressee), you may not copy or deliver this message or its attachments to anyone. Rather, you should permanently delete this message and its attachments and kindly notify the sender by reply e-mail. Any content of this message and its attachments that does not relate to the official business of Fox News or Fox Business must not be taken to have been sent or endorsed by either of them. No representation is made that this email or its attachments are without defect.

EFTA00031700