From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Outstanding requests - update
Date: Mon, 09 Sep 2019 21:43:38 +0000

We had understood the signed post orders to be individually signed by each officer, but this may be it. We should have confirm though.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, September 9, 2019 5:26 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Outstanding requests - update

I think the file "SHU Training 06-06-19 &amp; Information" may be the post orders. It's too big to attached so I've sent the folder path.

\\usa.doi.gov\cloud\nys\StAndrews\Shared\InReEpsteinDeath-2019R01059\Evidence\MCCRegs

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, September 9, 2019 5:07 PM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Outstanding requests - update

Yes please, thank you.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, September 9, 2019 5:05 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Outstanding requests - update

Will do. Shall I also add other things that we are missing (prisoner remand forms, running boards, etc.)?

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, September 9, 2019 4:55 PM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Outstanding requests - update

Thanks for following up on this.

I did not see the signed SHU post orders. They should look like a series of rules and regulations for the post that are signed by each officer. They are different from the daily rosters. And we should ask for the daily rosters for the time period we are missing.

When you're ready, could you follow up with (copying us) on the outstanding items? Thank you.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, September 9, 2019 10:56 AM

EFTA00030705

To:  (USANYS)  &lt;  (USANYS)  &gt;;  (USANYS)  &lt;  (USANYS)  &gt;

Subject: Outstanding requests - update

I'm working though the outstanding requests, specifically those that we sent  last week.

The  Commissary Reports are in the shared here:

\\usa.doi.gov\cloud\nys\StAndrews\Shared\InReEpsteinDeath-2019R01059\Evidence\Epstein General BOP Records

Additionally, the records for  ,  ,  and  (no  or  ) are here as well (in the same document). However, all they entail is a single truviw page and nothing else. The actual receipts are only for Epstein,  ,  and Rugard.

What I'm not sure on is the signed SHU post order review sheets. I have looked through the files and can't seem to find them anywhere. Albeit I don't know what they look like but I do think I would have recognized them. I will keep looking.

Lastly, are the post orders for SHU the same as the daily assignment roster? I've attached one of them as an example. If so, we are missing several from the time period that we requested (7/1 - 8/10).

I'm going to continue to work through the spreadsheet as well.

Paralegal Specialist
U.S. Attorney's Office | SDNY
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007
Office:
Cell:

EFTA00030706