EFTA00029649

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Fwd: legal / coordination question

Date: Tue, 03 Dec 2019 13:51:39 +0000

Want to knock this out today? That window works for me.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: [REDACTED]

Date: December 3, 2019 at 3:51:53 AM EST

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: legal / coordination question

Glad you are reaching out. There has been quite a bit of news in the UK about FBI/DOJ interest in Prince Andrew. Right now I have open afternoons today and tomorrow, but have events both nights. So if there is a time that works between 1:30 and 5 pm GMT (8:30-noon EDT), let me know. I have some time late in my day on Thursday. Friday is pretty much flat out.

Thanks,

US Department of Justice Attaché
United States Embassy
33 Nine Elms Lane
London SW11 7US
Desk: [REDACTED] (after hours)
Mobile: [REDACTED] (after hours)
From US: [REDACTED]
Email: [REDACTED]

SBU - LAW ENFORCEMENT

From: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED] &gt;

Sent: Tuesday, December 3, 2019 12:23 AM

To: [REDACTED]

Cc:  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;

Subject: RE: legal / coordination question

My colleagues  and I are the team of prosecutors working on the Jeffrey Epstein investigation, and we wondered if we might be able to set up a call with you for sometime this week, to ask you some logistical questions we're hoping you might either be able to answer or to point us in the right direction on. Would that be possible? If there are a few times in the coming days that you're free, we can try to figure out a slot that works for everyone.

Thanks very much, and looking forward to being in touch.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00029650