From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt; , " (USANYS) [Contractor]"

Subject: RE: Maxwell discovery

Date: Tue, 22 Dec 2020 16:55:44 +0000

Thanks so much, [REDACTED]! Really appreciate you staying on top of this.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor]

Sent: Tuesday, December 22, 2020 11:43 AM

To: &lt; (USANYS) [Contractor]

Subject: RE: Maxwell discovery

Hey [REDACTED]! I checked with IT a couple times last week, and since [REDACTED] has been out of the office for quite a bit, it seems as if many projects have been put on hold. My understanding, though, is that [REDACTED]IT have been working on creating a copy of the Confidential items on a hard drive for us to give to the FBI, as well as a separate hard drive for our office to have that will contain everything we produced in the Sixth Production.

Unfortunately, for the last two weeks or so, I've been having trouble connecting with anyone and getting a clear answer on its progress. I talked with Ken two weeks ago, and he said he'd confirm with [REDACTED] and get back to me. I followed up, but still have heard nothing. Then, I talked with [REDACTED] from IT on Friday morning, and he said that he would give [REDACTED] a call Friday afternoon to check on the drive we had requested. He thought that it was still copying, but he was going to double check on its status. I followed up with [REDACTED] Friday afternoon and again yesterday afternoon, but haven't heard anything back. I'll follow up again today and hopefully will get a response! I'll keep you posted.

Thank you for your patience! Hopefully we'll get this resolved soon.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor]

Sent: Tuesday, December 22, 2020 11:34 AM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor]

Subject: Maxwell discovery

Hi [REDACTED] and [REDACTED].

No rush at all, but I wanted to check in to see what the plan is for getting copies of all the identified Confidential images/videos from Epstein's devices over to the FBI. I'd like the case agents to have a complete set of those materials, but it is certainly not time sensitive. Whenever you get a chance to update me on the plan, I'd appreciate it.

Thanks,

EFTA00030178