From:
To: Dawn Hughes
Cc:

Subject: RE: Expert Testimony
Date: Wed, 04 Nov 2020 22:55:57 +0000

Hi Dr. Hughes,

Thanks very much – we appreciated speaking with you this afternoon.

Best,

From: Dawn Hughes
Sent: Wednesday, November 4, 2020 4:34 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Expert Testimony

You can contact Roberta Kaplan, Esq.

Roberta Kaplan | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

On Mon, Nov 2, 2020 at 1:42 PM Dawn Hughes [redacted] wrote:
Great. We will speak then. I have attached my CV and standard engagement agreement for your review.

On Mon, Nov 2, 2020 at 1:37 PM [redacted] wrote:
Dr. Hughes,

Thanks very much. We are free at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, and if that works for you we can use this conference line [redacted].

Thanks,

EFTA00030529

Sent from my iPhone

On Nov 2, 2020, at 10:54 AM, Dawn Hughes [redacted] wrote:

Yes. I would be happy to speak with you all. I have some open time on Wednesday after 2:00. Let me know what works for you.

Best,
Dr. Hughes

DAWN M HUGHES, PHD ABPP
CLINICAL AND FORENSIC PSYCHOLOGIST

On Thu, Oct 29, 2020 at 3:48 PM [redacted] wrote:

Dr. Hughes,
Together with colleagues [redacted] I'm one of the federal prosecutors handling the case of United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, which is scheduled to go to trial on July 12, 2021 in the Southern District of New York. We would be interested in speaking with you about your availability to testify as an expert witness at trial. Are you available for a call tomorrow or next week to discuss?
Thanks very much.

EFTA00030530