From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)
Date: Tue, 06 Aug 2019 20:43:16 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Thanks, that's great—I'll send you calendar invitations when we nail down timing.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, August 6, 2019 4:40 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

I'm good for both days as well.

On Aug 6, 2019 4:39 PM, " [redacted]" wrote:

Those dates work for me. The 26th im wide open and the 27th preferable late afternoon would be best for me.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, August 6, 2019 4:21:29 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Just following up on this—do these dates work for you?

From:
Sent: Monday, August 5, 2019 7:03 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: FW: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Team,

EFTA00030537

Are you available for interviews on 8/26 and 8/27? Regarding the photos (attached), we can discuss next time we talk. Thanks.

From: Teri Gibbs
Sent: Monday, August 5, 2019 6:52 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Hi Ms. Moe:

Thank you for taking the time to speak with our firm on Friday, August 2, 2019, regarding our clients, and who believe they were assaulted by Epstein in or around June 2004.

We have confirmed our clients' availability for interviews with your office. Ms. is available for an in-person interview on August 26, 2019, or August 27, 2019. Ms. who is located , is available for an interview via video conference, preferably the week of August 26th. Please confirm whether your office is available to meet with Ms. on those dates and whether we can arrange a video conference for Ms.

Additionally, as discussed in our call, we have attached two PDF files for your review which contain pictures of Ms. and Ms. from 2004. If possible, please confirm whether our clients are in any of the photographs seized from Epstein's home.

Thank you. We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best regards,

Teri Gibbs

Notice To Recipient: This e-mail is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein.

EFTA00030538