From: [SANYS]" &lt;&gt;
To: [USANYS]" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " [SANYS]" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re:
Date: Thu, 04 Jun 2020 14:01:54 +0000

Will do. Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jun 4, 2020, at 10:00 AM, [USANYS] &lt; [redacted] wrote:

That makes sense to me. [redacted] why don't you have it sent to me and we will go from there?

From: [USANYS] &lt; [redacted]
Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2020 9:57 AM
To: [USANYS] &lt; [redacted]
Cc: [USANYS] &lt; [redacted]
Subject: Re:

Hi [redacted]

I spoke with [redacted] about this the other day. Apparently the disc was left with a note saying it had evidence of Epstein's "murder," so I expect this is entirely to do with the death. That's why I suggested he reach out to [redacted]. My suggestion would be that this go to your team first, and then you can pass it on to us if you think it's relevant to our sex abuse investigation.

Thanks,

On Jun 4, 2020, at 9:53 AM, [USANYS] &lt; [redacted] wrote:

I'm adding [redacted] to this email chain, as she's on the actual Epstein investigation. [redacted] can you send your mailing address to [redacted].

If you could have copies made of the disc, you could send it to both of us. Otherwise, if you only have one copy, I'm happy to review and make sure it gets to the right place.

From: [USANYS] &lt; [redacted]
Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2020 9:48 AM
To: [USANYS] &lt; [redacted]
Subject: RE:

Hi [redacted]. I didn't realize you weren't on this one. I'll send this to you. Let me know if I should send it to someone else.

EFTA00031419

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, June 03, 2020 6:45 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Re:

That's fine, although I'm on the MCC guard case, not the Epstein investigation. Do you have any sense if it's related to his conduct or his death? Either way, you can send it to me at the following address:

[REDACTED]

Hope you and your family are well!

Sent from my iPhone

On Jun 3, 2020, at 5:06 PM, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:

Hi [REDACTED], Hope you are well [REDACTED], who teaches at Pace, had someone drop off to her a note and a CD which they claim somehow relates to Epstein. No clue what's on it. How can I send this to you? Thanks.

[REDACTED]

EFTA00031420