From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: Possible Child Porn May Undo Epstein Bid For Home Jail  |
| --- |
|  Date: Mon, 15 Jul 2019 08:24:51 +0000  |

Law360 New York
NEW YORK
Monday, July 15, 2019
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Analysis

#### Possible Child Porn May Undo Epstein Bid For Home Jail

Wealthy financier Jeffrey Epstein's bid for release ahead of trial on underage sex trafficking charges may be a hard sell given the wishes of victims and what could be child pornography found in his home, despite his offer to pay private guards to keep watch.

Read full article »

#### Feds Say Epstein Paid Potential Witnesses; More Victims ID'd

Financier and convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein paid $350,000 in a possible attempt to influence two potential witnesses in his sex trafficking case, New York federal prosecutors said Friday, adding that more women alleging they were Epstein's victims have come forward.

Letter attached | Read full article »

#### SunEdison Settles With Investors For $74M

SunEdison Inc. investors inked a $74 million cash deal to end their class action suit accusing the renewable energy company of maintaining faulty internal controls and filing inaccurate financial statements, they told a New York federal judge Friday.

1 document attached | Read full article »

#### Thorny Issues In Orioles-Nationals Arbitration Trouble Judge

A New York state trial court judge on Friday said he was "genuinely struggling" with legal questions raised by claims from the Baltimore Orioles and Mid-Atlantic Sports Network that an arbitration award against them is so unfair that the courts should intervene.

Read full article »

## POLICY &amp; REGULATION

### DC Circ. Questions Trump Fight To Defy Financial Subpoenas

Two D.C. Circuit judges seemed highly skeptical of President Donald Trump's arguments Friday that his personal financial and hotel business records are off limits to Congress, though a third judge asked House Democrats' legal team to better justify their demands for the documents.

Read full article »

## PRODUCT LIABILITY

|  Law360 Pro Say Podcast  |
| --- |
|  Listen to our new podcast here  |

### LAW FIRMS

- Alioto Law Firm
- Arnold &amp; Porter
- Beck Reed
- Bernstein Litowitz
- Blank Rome
- Boies Schiller
- Booth Udall
- Briggs and Morgan
- Buchanan Ingersoll
- Clayman &amp; Rosenberg
- Cleary Gottlieb
- Consovoy McCarthy
- Covington &amp; Burling
- DLA Piper
- Faegre Baker
- Fenwick &amp; West
- Gadow Tyler
- Gibson Dunn
- Gordon &amp; Rees
- HeplerBroom LLC
- Husch Blackwell
- Immigration Law PLLC
- Kaplan Fox

EFTA00030281</table>

EFTA00030282

# 18 State AGs Call On House To Ban Asbestos

A group of 18 attorneys general on Friday urged the House's Committee on Energy and Commerce to enact a full ban on making, importing and distributing asbestos within the U.S.

*Letter attached | Read full article »*

## CONSUMER PROTECTION

### L'Oreal Dodges Claims Over Misleading Cosmetics Bottles

A New York federal judge has dismissed a suit alleging that L'Oreal USA Inc.'s cosmetics labels mislead customers, saying reasonable customers would not expect to get all of a viscous fluid out of the bottle with the pumps used in L'Oreal's products.

*Order attached | Read full article »*

## INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

### Signet: Investor Cert. Needs Clarification. Judge: WRONG

A New York federal judge refused Thursday to clarify an order certifying a class of investors suing over Signet's alleged culture of sexual harassment, calling the retailer's interpretation "completely, totally and utterly WRONG" and setting the stage for an appeal.

*1 document attached | Read full article »*

### Prominent Union Leader Dies Of Heart Attack At 57

Prominent labor leader Héctor Figueroa, president of the New York-based property service workers' union 32BJ SEIU, has died of a heart attack, the union announced Friday.

*Read full article »*

## SECURITIES &amp; WHITE COLLAR

### Investor Who Filed $4B Crypto Ponzi Suit Cut From Lead

A New York federal judge has denied two investors' bid to jointly lead a $4 billion lawsuit over an alleged cryptocurrency Ponzi scheme, handing the lead to the investor claiming greater losses rather than the one who filed the suit, saying the "unrelated" pair won't "function cohesively."

*1 document attached | Read full article »*

### Ex-NBA Star Should Do Time For Taking Bribes, Gov't Says

Federal prosecutors took a dim view Friday of Chuck Connors Person's request for leniency in a Manhattan bribery case, rejecting the former NBA rookie of the year's assertion that he was in dire financial straits and pointing out that he was on the take while earning $250,000 a year coaching at Auburn University.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

### SEC Accuses 'Experienced' Securities Atty Of Trading Scheme

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is accusing an "experienced securities lawyer" of carrying out a multimillion-dollar scheme to sell unregistered penny stock shares, according to a case filed Friday in New York federal court.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

### CEO Accused Of Draining $3M From NJ Terra Cotta Co.

A New Jersey-based terra cotta facade business' minority shareholder sued the company's president and CEO in New York federal court Friday, accusing

Kellogg Hansen
Kessler Topaz
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Latham &amp; Watkins
Levi &amp; Korsinsky
Locke Lord
Michael Best
Milbank LLP
Modus Law
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Patterson Belknap
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Peabody &amp; Arnold
Quinn Emanuel
Schoeppl Law
Sher Tremonte
Shook Hardy
Sidley Austin
Silver Miller
Simpson Thacher
Skadden
Snyder Law Firm LLC (Leawood, KS)
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Thompson Coburn
Troutman Sanders
Wachtell Lipton
Weil Gotshal
WeissLaw LLP
White and Williams
Williams Dirks Dameron
WilmerHale
Zuckerman Spaeder

## COMPANIES

32BJ SEIU
ACNB Corporation
Acacia Communications Inc.
Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
American Civil Liberties Union
American Immigration Lawyers Association
BAC Florida Bank
Baltimore Orioles
Banco Bradesco SA
Bank of America Corp.
Barclays PLC

the executive of misusing company funds and draining at least $3 million from his company.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

## BANKING

### DOJ Granted Deposition Delay In Forex-Rigging Suit

A New York federal judge overseeing a foreign exchange market rigging suit against several big banks is allowing the U.S. Department of Justice to delay deposition for three months, defying protests from investors who argue that the agency has been seeking extension requests to stall prosecution of their case.

*Letter attached | Read full article »*

### Bank Of America, Morgan Stanley Again Accused Of Spoofing

Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC, Bank of America Corp. and its subsidiary Merrill Lynch Commodities Inc. engaged in spoofing in an effort to manipulate precious metals futures, according to a proposed class action filed Friday in New York federal court.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

### Attys Get $4.9M In Fees In Citigroup Exchange Rate Suit

The attorneys for a class of Citigroup Inc.-sponsored American depositary receipt holders will receive nearly $5 million in fees after securing a $14.75 million settlement in a suit alleging the bank manipulated the foreign exchange rate when providing dividends to ADR holders.

*1 document attached | Read full article »*

## COMPETITION

### Dental Supplier Says 2nd Circ. Sunk Startup's Damages Claim

Benco Dental Supply Co. told a New York federal court on Thursday that a recent ruling from the Second Circuit shows that the damages being pursued by online supplier SourceOne Dental Inc. over an alleged boycott are too speculative.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

## TAX

### Atty Eyed In E&amp;Y Tax Shelter Case Jailed After Extradition

A lawyer charged in 2008 with helping former Ernst &amp; Young LLP partners develop fraudulent tax shelters for high-end clients and failing to report at least $8 million of tax liability was jailed Friday by a Manhattan federal judge after being extradited to the U.S. from Canada.

*Read full article »*

### Taxation With Representation: Skadden, Sullivan, Wachtell

In this week's Taxation With Representation, Piper Jaffray and Sandler O'Neill join forces in a $485 million merger, Cisco snaps up fiber optics company Acacia Communications for $2.6 billion, and Virgin Galactic merges with a special purpose acquisition company held by Social Capital and Hedosophia to create a $1.5 billion company.

*Read full article »*

## CAPITAL MARKETS

### Palladium Closes $1.6B Fund Targeting Middle Market Cos.

Palladium Equity Partners said Friday it closed its latest fund with roughly $1.6 billion in commitments that will be used to invest in and partner with

Benco Dental Supply Co. Inc.
Caterpillar Inc.
Cisco Systems Inc.
Citigroup Inc.
Conn's Inc.
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Ernst &amp; Young
Federal Bar Association
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc.
General Cable Corp.
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Google Inc.
HSBC Holdings PLC
Hearst Corp.
Henry Schein Inc.
Indiana Pacers
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
L'Oreal SA
LexisNexis Group
Major League Baseball Inc.
Major Lindsey &amp; Africa
Mazars USA LLP
Morgan Stanley
National Conference of State Legislatures
New York Times Co.
Nokia Corporation
North American Securities Administrators Association
Palladium Equity Partners LLC
Patterson Companies Inc.
Paypal Holdings Inc.
Piper Jaffray Companies
Platinum Partners LP
RELX PLC
Rexford Industrial Realty Inc.
Rockland Trust Co.
SIFMA
Sandler O'Neill &amp; Partners LP
Signet Jewelers Ltd.
Spectrum Management Holding Co.
Spotify Technology SA
Sterling Jewelers Inc.
SunEdison LLC
The Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC
Trump Organization Inc.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Washington Nationals

EFTA00030283

middle market companies.

Read full article »

REAL ESTATE &amp; DEVELOPMENT

## Real Estate Rumors: Carlton, Omega, Rockland Trust

Carlton Group is reportedly taking 6,000 square feet in Manhattan, Omega Cinema Props is said to be leasing 245,000 square feet in Los Angeles, and Rockland Trust has reportedly loaned $13.8 million for a Massachusetts affordable housing project.

Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Patchwork Of Broker Conduct Regs Complicates Compliance

Until challenges to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's newly adopted Regulation Best Interest play out in court, broker-dealers can reconcile conflicting state and federal standards of conduct by complying with the most restrictive applicable regulatory requirements, say Ghillaine Reid and Kurt Wolfe of Troutman Sanders.

4 documents attached | Read full article »

## State Net

## Local Governments Push To Regulate Public Surveillance

San Francisco's Board of Supervisors recently approved an ordinance banning the use of facial recognition technology by all city departments. The law is part of a growing movement among localities and states to increase oversight of the use of surveillance technologies by government entities, says Korey Clark of State Net Capitol Journal.

Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

## In Appalachia, A Lawyer's Vast Fraud Dogs Destitute Clients

Four years have passed since an attorney's unprecedented fraud led to the sudden suspension or reduction of disability benefits for thousands of people. But despite a massive pro bono effort, many are still fighting to convince the government they played no part in the scheme.

Read full article »

## Why Judge Christina Snyder Needs Her Coffee Strong

In a recent interview, U.S. District Court Senior Judge Christina Snyder spoke with Law360 about her working weekends, collecting the art of Mary Corse and the political women she'd like to have lunch with, but can't.

Read full article »

## Law Firm Leaders Expect Growth, But Also Rising Expenses

Law firm managers eyeing the remainder of 2019 have slightly higher confidence in the U.S. and global economies, but expenses are expected to eat into a greater chunk of firms' bottom lines, according to a survey released Friday.

Read full article »

## Thompson Coburn Chair To Be Succeeded By Litigation Head

Thompson Coburn LLP on Friday announced that current Chair Tom Minogue will leave the position next July, handing over the reins to Roman Wuller, who currently heads the firm's litigation department.

Read full article »

## Feds Say Craig's Mueller Interview Relevant At FARA Trial

Washington Post Co.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Commodity Futures Trading Commission

European Banking Authority

European Union

Executive Office for Immigration Review

Federal Bureau of Investigation

Federal Trade Commission

Iowa Attorney General's Office

New York Attorney General's Office

Securities and Exchange Commission

Social Security Administration

U.S. Attorney's Office

U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit

U.S. Department of Justice

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York

U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

U.S. Supreme Court

EFTA00030284

Federal prosecutors urged a D.C. judge on Thursday to allow evidence at the upcoming trial of ex-Skadden partner Gregory Craig about how the firm was paid for a controversial report at the center of the case and Craig's statements about that report to special counsel Robert Mueller's investigators last year.

Read full article »

## Legal Groups Call For Independent Immigration Courts

Four prominent legal organizations are urging lawmakers to grant the immigration court system independence from the U.S. Department of Justice, citing growing dysfunction and serious due process concerns within the courts.

Read full article »

## GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

Observers think regulators are waiting to be convinced that broker-dealers use effective processes to protect customer assets, and the Department of Justice will now consider "robust" compliance programs when contemplating bringing charges against whistleblower companies. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week.

Read full article »

## In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week.

Read full article »

## Podcast

## Law360's Pro Say: Neal Katyal On Trump's Census About-Face

The Supreme Court term is over, but what will we remember 10 years from now? On this week's Pro Say podcast, we're joined by former acting U.S. Solicitor General Neal Katyal, who shares his take on the biggest trends, Trump finally abandoning his plan to add a citizenship question to the census, and whether stare decisis is in trouble.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  **Summer Program 2020**
Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP
New York, New York | **M&A Associate**
Perkins Coie LLP
New York, New York  |
| --- | --- |
|  **Managing Attorney, Northeast Office**
Earthjustice
New York, New York | **Mid-sized NY LF seeks add'tl up-and-coming partners PB $1M+**
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York  |
|  **Banktcy Boutique Counsel/Partner**
Schoen Legal Search
NYC, New York | **Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding mid level m&a atty**
Schoen Legal Search
NYC, New York  |
|  **elite lit boutique // mid level assoc**
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York | **NYC*Corp*Assoc*Mid-sized*Lifestyle**
Schoen Legal Search
NYC, New York  |
|  **mid level L&E assoc/40 yr old 50 atty NYC firm**
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York |   |

EFTA00030285

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00030286