From: " " " " " " " &gt;
To: " " " " " " " &gt;
Cc: " " " " " " " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Re: laptop for MDC
Date: Wed, 28 Oct 2020 18:52:05 +0000

I can raise with her, thanks.

On Oct 28, 2020, at 2:48 PM, " " " " " " " &gt; wrote:

, are you able to discuss this with , or would you like me to reach out to her? Thanks.

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:44 PM
To:
Subject: Re: laptop for MDC

It sure we will research one tonight and place the order tomorrow. It depends on availability and delivery. Do we have a copy of the data that goes with the drive?

Also with the ever changing policies in BOP, can you confirm that they will allow her to have a laptop. Not sure the rules at MDC.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 28, 2020, at 2:22 PM, " " " " " " " wrote:

Perfect, thanks so much. How long would you estimate that will take?

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:20 PM
To:
Cc: &lt;--&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

We will spec out a laptop to purchase for this case.

From: &lt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:09 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;
Cc: &lt;--&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

Thanks so much.

EFTA00030579

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:06 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANY)
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Subject: RE: laptop for MDC

Let me discuss with [REDACTED] the best options. get back to you shortly.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:58 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANY)
Subject: laptop for MDC

Hi [REDACTED],

I hope you're doing well. Because of some discovery accessibility issues we're having in the Ghislaine Maxwell case, we would like to provide a clean laptop to Maxwell in MDC for discovery review purposes. The laptop need only permit review of standard files – word, pdf, .tif, .xls, etc. All other capabilities and programs can be disabled. I understand we did something similar in the Avenatti case, and we'd like to do the same here. Would that be possible? It would be a huge help to us if you could possibly prep and provide us with a laptop for this purpose.

Thanks so much—

EFTA00030580