From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: USAEO-Foreign Travel &lt;&gt;
Cc: " )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: ECC package - AUSA ECC package
Date: Fri, 24 Jan 2020 19:40:23 +0000
Importance: High
Attachments: -ECC_package_2.3.20.pdf

Hi RMP,

Please see the attached ECC request package for [REDACTED]
If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip.

Hi [REDACTED], Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination.
View the state dept. link for the country you are traveling to visa link for the country you are traveling to.
Visa policies may be found on the Department of State's website or on the website hosted by each country's embassy.
Traveler, Consult EOUSA mailbox to obtain a visa for you.
To provide sufficient time for the State Dept. to issue the authorization letter and for the foreign government to process the visa request, it is recommended that visa request package be submitted to EOUSA's RMP Travel.
Staff 15 business days prior to the proposed date of departure.

Thank you

From: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, January 24, 2020 11:02 AM
To: USAEO-Foreign Travel &lt;&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED], (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; [REDACTED], (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: AUSAs [REDACTED], and [REDACTED] to Stockholm, Sweden, on February 3-7

This request for foreign travel, by AUSAs [REDACTED], and [REDACTED] was not submitted to EOUSA-RMP, via E2, 15 business days prior to the trip because the expected witness interview date for a time-sensitive matter was only confirmed yesterday, January 23, 2020. We are asking that EOUSA-RMP obtain ECC for AUSAs [REDACTED], and [REDACTED].

I will forward my travel authorization to EOUSA-RMP, with ALL of the requisite forms attached, via E2 shortly.

thank you,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00031721