From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Maxwell Financial Report Appendices

Date: Fri, 11 Dec 2020 14:42:13 +0000

Attachments: 2015-19_Tax_Returns.zip

Hi

It was great chatting with you earlier this morning! Attached you'll find a smaller zip folder containing just the tax returns, for each year from 2015 to 2019. You shouldn't need a password to open the folders, but in case it prompts you, the password defense counsel provided us is:

The entirety of the Financial Report Appendices are still loading onto USAFx, and it appears as if there is less than a third left to download. I'm estimating it will take about another hour to an hour and a half for everything to finish downloading there. Once they've downloaded, I'll share the folder with you.

Thank you so much for your patience and please let me know if you encounter any issues viewing these tax returns!

Best

From:
Sent: Friday, December 11, 2020 6:47 AM
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Maxwell Financial Report Appendices

Yesterday, I was out of the office. Please burn the ZIP file to a DVD. Once the DVD is ready, call me at 2 and I will walk over to your office to pick it up.

Best

From:
Sent: Thursday, December 10, 2020 12:58 PM
To:
Subject: [EXTERNAL ENTRY] - RE: Maxwell Financial Report Appendices

Hi

I hope you're well! I am writing to follow up on my previous email from yesterday. Please let me know what works best for you to receive the below materials. Thanks very much, and have a great afternoon!

EFTA00031730

From Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 3:47 PM
To:
Subject: Maxwell Financial Report Appendices

Hi

I hope you're doing well! I have received the financial report appendices from Maxwell's defense team. The materials were provided in a 3GB zip folder, which unfortunately is too large to email. Depending on what works best for you and your work set-up, I believe we have a few options to get these materials to you. I can forward you the original email from Maxwell's defense team that contained a link to view and download the materials, I can upload the materials to USAFx for you to view, or I can have our IT department copy the materials onto a hard drive. Please let me know what you prefer, and I will get these materials to you as soon as I can.

Thanks very much!

EFTA00031731