FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

# INFORMATION PROVIDED BY CBPAS

DATE: Friday, August 30, 2019

TIME: 0730 hrs

LOCATION: 1601 - CBP CES, Supervisor’s office, North Charleston, SC

# PURPOSE: Informational.

CBPAS [Redacted] (Badge # CAS03223 / HashID # CZACMME) stepped into Supervisor's office to provide information that likely is viewed negatively as an employee of CBP. CBPAS [Redacted] informed Supervisor [Redacted] that a lady, female acquaintance, he had recently dated has informed him she has filed two (2) complaints to law enforcement against him.

# ISSUE 1: Complaint filed to U.S. Department of Justice

Mr. [Redacted] provided the following information:

The female acquaintance of Mr. [Redacted] has informed the Federal Department of Justice, that Mr. [Redacted] is a known associate of Jeffery Epstein, had ongoing friendship with Mr. Epstein, and that while working for CBP Pre-Clearance in Saint Thomas for over 7 years, and assisted Mr. Epstein for conducting human trafficking of underage females.

[Redacted] asked Mr. [Redacted] how is it possible the female acquaintance would know anything about his associations or relationships while working in Saint Thomas, [Redacted] stated, “Everyone knew I was friends with Jeffery Epstein.” [Redacted] further informed [Redacted] “I have been to his house, been on his boat, and flew in helicopter for whale watching.”

- Hearing this information, Supervisor [Redacted] recalls previous international travel history that has taken Mr. [Redacted] locations for personal rendezvous excursions.

# ISSUE 2: Complaint filed to local Charleston County Sheriff Department

Mr. [Redacted] provided the following information:

The female acquaintance, simultaneously has informed Mr. [Redacted] that she has lodged a complaint against Mr. [Redacted], accusing him of predatory behavior, targeting widows, and vulnerable persons.

- Hearing this information, Supervisor [Redacted] recalls previous statements Mr. [Redacted] has made, surrounding his previous rent landlord when first arriving to work with CBP Charleston; the landlord, an older female, with whom he ended up going to court, for complaint against him for monetary exchange for services around the home (simple home repairs, to lower costs of rent).

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

EFTA00031495

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

# INFORMATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS:

- When [redacted] walked into Supervisor [redacted] office today, he respectfully requested to speak in confidence, closed the door, and appeared to be concerned, worried, and a bit shaken, about federal investigators looking into his past.
- [redacted] opened up the conversation by stating that the person making the complaint is the same acquaintance that attempted “suicide” on a previous occasion, which [redacted] was informed about, last year when [redacted] requested a time off of work to visit the person in the hospital.
- [redacted] informed [redacted] to keep CBP Supervisor [redacted] informed of contact made with outside investigators, because this interaction merits transparency for all future periodic re-investigations – anytime our actions result in interaction with law enforcement.
- [redacted] reminded [redacted] to be careful with all of his relationships, and that having relationships with unstable, and unethical, people, can be a serious detriment, cause unknown consequences, and that our choices we make in our personal lives can reflect negatively.

# PROGRAM/SUBJECT MATTER BACKGROUND:

- Two to three bullets that summarize key historical information on the subject. This can include, but is not limited to: Previous decisions, negotiations, external stakeholder interests, legislation, ongoing legal proceedings, etc.

**SUMMARY:** CBPAS [redacted], Charleston S.C., provided information connecting him to a convicted child molester while working for CBP; with accusations potentially ensnaring CBP’s reputation as an agency, into the mix of a well known criminal, specifically the following:

- While at the pre-clearance port of Saint Thomas, USVI (beginning in 2008), Mr. [redacted] pal’d around with Mr. Epstein, clearing his aircraft; and spending personal time with the convict after befriending him, entering into that friendship through carrying out CBP official duty.
- Mr. [redacted] has had rocky relationships with previous single female as a landlord, upon arriving to work for CBP in Charleston, SC (transferring from Saint Thomas, USVI).
- Landlord and Mr. [redacted] went to court of monetary instruments
- A separate female acquaintance attempted suicide, who is now informing [redacted], she has filed two (2) separate complaints with law enforcement, surrounding history of [redacted] behavior. (2 complaints listed above).

Prepared by: SCBPAS [redacted]
(office)
(mobile)

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

EFTA00031496