Independent
Epstein Victims' Compensation Program
PROTOCOL
DRAFT¹

December 13, 2019

I. Purpose and Overview

The Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (the "Program") is a voluntary, independent Program that has been established to compensate and resolve the claims of victims/survivors of sexual abuse by Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein").

The Estate of Jeffrey Epstein (the "Estate") has retained the services of nationally recognized claims administration experts Kenneth R. Feinberg, Camille S. Biros and Jordana H. Feldman to design the Program. Ms. Feldman will also serve as the Administrator of the Program (the "Administrator").

Through the Program, the Estate wishes to acknowledge the wrongs endured by victims/survivors and offer them an opportunity to voluntarily resolve their individual claims for such sexual abuse.

The Program is governed by the following non-exclusive guiding principles:

- The Program is purely voluntary. It does not affect any rights a victim may have unless and until the Claimant accepts the offered compensation and executes a Release. A Claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to execution of the Release.

- The Program is independent and will in no way be administered, controlled or overseen by the Estate. The Administrator is responsible for all decisions relating to the review, processing and evaluation of individual claims submitted to the Program. The Administrator will have final, binding and exclusive authority to determine Claimant eligibility and the valuation of each eligible individual claim. Decisions of the Administrator made pursuant to this Protocol are not subject to review or modification in any way by the Estate or any other party or entity.

- There is no cap or limitation on the aggregate amount of funds available to compensate all eligible Claimants or on the amount of compensation to be made to each individual Claimant. Each individual claim will be evaluated separately by the Administrator. The Administrator will determine, in her sole and exclusive discretion, issues of eligibility and the amount of compensation.

¹ This document is a draft of the Protocol governing the Program and is subject to input from victims/survivors, their lawyers, other potentially interested parties, and representatives of the Estate.

EFTA00030441

- All Claimants will be treated with respect, dignity and fairness without regard to race, color, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, gender or disability. To ensure claims will be adjudicated fairly, the Administrator will manage the process so that all Claimants can equally access the Program’s claim process. Individuals with disabilities will be given the opportunity to effectively communicate their claims and to request special process accommodations.

The Program will be effective within 90 days of approval by the Superior Court of the U.S. Virgin Islands (“Effective Date”)² and is available to all victims/survivors regardless of where they were harmed, when they were harmed, whether the claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations, and whether they have previously filed a lawsuit against or settled with Epstein and/or the Estate.

The exclusive claims period for filing a claim pursuant to this Protocol shall commence on the to-be-determined Effective Date and shall conclude nine (9) months after that date (“Filing Deadline”). All individual claims filed with the Program must be postmarked within this period.

## II. Eligibility Requirements

### A. Eligibility Criteria

The persons eligible to participate in this Program are individuals who allege they were sexually abused by Epstein. In addition, the following criteria apply:

- The claim of sexual abuse must be directed against Epstein.
- An individual whose claim is time-barred by the applicable statute of limitations may participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are met.
- An individual who previously entered into a settlement agreement resolving a claim of sexual abuse against Epstein may participate in the Program provided that other eligibility criteria are met.
- An individual who allegedly assisted Epstein in procuring other victims/survivors may participate in the Program where there is a credible basis to determine that the individual acted under duress as a result of her own sexual abuse by Epstein, provided that other eligibility criteria are met.
- If the Claimant chooses to accept the offered compensation, the Claimant must dismiss with prejudice any existing lawsuits or legal actions or claims filed against the Estate or related entities and/or individuals. The Claimant must provide proof of such dismissal along with or prior to the signed acceptance letter and executed Release in order to receive payment.

EFTA00030442

EFTA00030443

B. Legal Representatives of Claimants

An individual may file a claim on a victim’s behalf where that individual has been granted legal authority to act in a representative capacity pursuant to appropriate law. The “Legal Representative” of an individual Claimant shall mean: (1) in the case of a Claimant who is currently a minor, a parent or legal guardian authorized by law to serve as the minor’s legal representative; (2) in the case of an incompetent or legally incapacitated Claimant, a person who has been duly appointed as the Claimant’s legal representative in accordance with applicable law; or (3) an attorney authorized to represent the Claimant for purposes of pursuing a claim through this Program.

Legal Representatives must provide proper documentation demonstrating representative capacity. Such proof may include a power of attorney, documentation showing the individual’s appointment as guardian or guardian ad litem, or a copy of a retainer agreement showing legal representation signed by both the Claimant and the attorney.

III. Claims Administration - Submission, Evaluation and Determination

A. Claims Submission Process

Individuals who have filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate on or before the Effective Date will be sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information, including Instructions for completion and submission of the Claim Form and a list of Frequently Asked Questions.

Individuals who have not filed a lawsuit, legal action or claim against Epstein and/or the Estate on or before the Effective Date may register to participate in this Program on the Program’s website at www.EpsteinVictimsCompensationProgram.com.³ To register, such individuals must complete a questionnaire setting forth their name, contact information, a summary description of the nature of the claim and other requested information. Upon registration, the Administrator will perform a preliminary review to consider if the individual is eligible to participate in the Program. If the Administrator deems that the individual is eligible to participate in the Program, she will then send that individual a Claim Form and other relevant Program information.

Note: The fact that an individual is sent a Claim Form and other relevant Program information indicates that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to participate in the Program. It does not indicate that the Administrator has determined that such individual is eligible to receive compensation. That determination is made only after a Claim Form and all required documentation has been submitted and evaluated by the Administrator.

Registrations will be accepted by the Administrator from the Effective Date through a date that is 45 days prior to the Filing Deadline (“Registration Deadline”). It is important to note that the Registration Deadline is separate from, and precedes, the Filing Deadline. As explained above, all claims must be filed by the Filing Deadline.

³ This website is in the process of being developed and is yet operational.

3 | Page

All Claim Forms must be completed and postmarked no later than the Filing Deadline. Claim Forms should be mailed via overnight courier (a pre-paid courier voucher will be included with each packet) to the Administrator at the following address or uploaded to the Program website at www.EpsteinVictimsCompensationProgram.com:

Epstein Victims' Compensation Program
c/o Jordana H. Feldman, Administrator
[Address - To Be Inserted]

Claimants are invited to provide documentation identified in the Claim Form, and any other corroborating or supporting information sufficient to substantiate the claim, satisfy eligibility requirements, and allow the Administrator to review, process and evaluate the claim. If the claim is being presented by a Legal Representative, then the Legal Representative will be responsible for submitting the necessary documentation relating to the represented Claimant.

Additional documentation may be requested at the discretion of the Administrator. Both the Claimant and the Estate will be afforded the opportunity to submit to the Administrator any information deemed relevant to the Administrator's evaluation and determination of the claim before the Administrator's final disposition of the claim.

If a Claimant submits an incomplete or deficient claim, the Administrator will notify the Claimant, explain the additional information that is needed, and work with the Claimant or the Claimant's Legal Representative (where applicable) to assist in submitting a complete claim.

## B. Claims Evaluation and Determination

Claims will be evaluated in the order in which they are received, with the Administrator evaluating each submitted individual claim in a prompt and fair manner. Claims will only be determined once all required documentation has been submitted to the Administrator

### 1. Factors Considered in Evaluating Claims

As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the information available, whether the allegations of sexual abuse are credible. The Administrator will consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to:

- The level of documentation, corroboration or other circumstantial evidence regarding the nature and extent of the abuse, the frequency, location and other details of the abuse, and the age of the victim at the time of the abuse. Non-exhaustive examples of such evidence include (i) medical or psychiatric counseling/therapy records relevant to the abuse, and (ii) contemporaneous written notification or other correspondence (e.g., letters, emails) of the abuse by the Claimant to law enforcement authorities, parents, friends or others.

- Whether there exists any information and/or pertinent findings offered by the appropriate Office of the District Attorney or other law enforcement agency.

EFTA00030444

- Whether the Administrator finds the claims of the individual to be credible after complete review of all relevant documentation and other evidence provided by the Claimant and the Estate.

As to each individual claim, the Administrator will determine, in her sole discretion based upon all of the information available, the amount of compensation that should be offered to each eligible Claimant. The Administrator will consider appropriate factors and corroborative support, including but not limited to:

- The nature, duration and extent of the sexual abuse suffered by the Claimant.
- The age of the Claimant at the time of the sexual abuse.
- The nature and extent of the Claimant’s physical or psychological damage resulting from the sexual abuse, and the effect of the sexual abuse on the Claimant.
- The credibility of the claim based upon all of the facts and circumstances, supporting documentation and corroborating evidence.
- Whether the claim is time-barred under the applicable statute of limitations.
- Whether the Claimant previously entered into a settlement agreement with Epstein and received a payment pursuant to such agreement.

The Administrator will confidentially send the Claimant a compensation determination letter including the following: (1) the Administrator’s eligibility decision regarding the claim; (2) the amount of compensation offered; (3) a Release to be signed by the Claimant if the Claimant accepts the offered compensation; and (4) a Payment Option Form. The Administrator’s offer shall be valid for 60 days from the date of the compensation determination letter.

The Administrator’s determinations in this Program will not be binding on any potential criminal investigation involving the same or similar allegations or Claimant.

## 2. Opportunities to be Heard

The Claimant will be afforded an opportunity to be heard, either before or after the Administrator renders her determination. Upon request by the Claimant, the Administrator will be available to meet in person, by video conference/Skype, or by teleconference to further discuss the claim. These meetings are completely optional and voluntary. Requests to meet with the Administrator should be sent by email claimantservices@epsteinvictimscompensationprogram.com⁴ and will be scheduled at a mutually convenient time and location. The Administrator may also request a meeting with a Claimant or her Legal Representative at a reasonable mutually convenient time and location, though the Claimant is not obligated to attend any such meeting.

⁴ This email address is not yet active.

EFTA00030445

6 | Page
EFTA00030446

## 3. Release

By submitting a claim to the Program, a Claimant is seeking to resolve all claims relating to allegations of sexual abuse against Epstein and/or the Estate, related entities and/or individuals. If a Claimant chooses to accept the offer of compensation pursuant to the Program, the Claimant will be required to sign and execute a full Release, in a form satisfactory to the Estate, of all past and future claims relating to such allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities and/or individuals. A Claimant may reject the offer of compensation and may stop participating in the Program and withdraw the claim at any time prior to the execution of the Release.

The Release will waive any rights the Claimant and her heirs, descendants, legatees or beneficiaries may have to assert any claims relating to allegations of sexual abuse against the Estate, related entities and/or individuals, to file an individual legal action relating to such allegations, or to participate in any legal action associated with such allegations, except as a witness. However, the Release will not operate to preclude or limit the Claimant's ability to report and discuss allegations of sexual abuse with law enforcement officials or anyone else.

Before signing a Release, the Claimant must consult with an attorney. If the Claimant is not represented by an attorney, the Program will provide an attorney to provide free legal counseling to the Claimant for the sole purpose of advising the Claimant concerning the language and binding nature of the Release.

No one affiliated with the Program will provide tax or legal advice to those receiving payments under the Program. Claimants are urged to consult with a tax advisor concerning any questions regarding tax liability for payments pursuant to the Program.

## 4. Payments

Upon the Claimant's acceptance of the Administrator's determination, the Administrator's receipt of the Claimant's executed Release and, where applicable, dismissal with prejudice of any existing lawsuit or legal actions or claims against the Estate or related entities and/or individuals, the Administrator will initiate payment by check or electronic funds transfer to each eligible Claimant as directed by the Claimant. Checks will be sent to Claimants via overnight courier service.

## C. Program Integrity

For the purpose of protecting both the integrity of the Program and financial resources for eligible Claimants, the Administrator will institute all necessary measures to prevent payment of fraudulent claims, including taking steps to verify claims and analyze submissions for inconsistencies, irregularities or duplication.

Each Claimant who signs the Claim Form at the time of submission certifies that the information provided in the Claim Form is true and accurate to the best of the Claimant’s knowledge, and that the Claimant understands that false statements or claims made in connection with such submission may result in fines, imprisonment and/or any other remedy available by law. Claims that appear to be potentially fraudulent or to contain false information will be forwarded to federal, state or local law enforcement agencies and/or the appropriate Office of the District Attorney for possible investigation and prosecution.

## D. Confidentiality/Privacy

The Program is confidential. By filing a claim with the Program, the Claimant or her Legal Representative (where applicable) agrees that information submitted by the Claimant pursuant to the Program will be used and/or disclosed by the Administrator and her designees only for the following purposes:

1) Processing and evaluating the Claimant’s claim;
2) Administering the Program and other Program-related work; and
3) Reports to law enforcement where appropriate.

When documents maintained or submitted by the Estate become part of a Claimant’s file for purposes of the Program, such materials will be reviewed by the Administrator to assist in processing and evaluating the claim, but will otherwise remain confidential. These files are not available for inspection, review or copying by the Claimant or her representatives during or after the Program, and all pertinent settlement privileges and other privileges apply.

To protect the privacy of Claimants participating in the Program, all personal information provided by the Claimant during this process will be returned or destroyed within one year after the conclusion of the Program.

Individual Claimants are not bound by any rules of confidentiality. Claimants may, at their sole and voluntary option, disclose information in their possession regarding their claim, their compensation and their experience with the Program.

All confidentiality requirements are subject to law, regulation and judicial process.

The Administrator may, on a periodic basis, publish reports regarding the Program’s claims processing or other activities in an effort to provide transparency. Such reports will report on an aggregate level only. No individual Claimant information will be published or disclosed in a way that compromises Claimant confidentiality.

7 | Page
EFTA00030447