From: " " " " "
To: " "

Subject: RE: Epstein case/NYPD Sex Offender Monitoring Unit

Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2019 01:20:04 +0000

Importance: Normal

Hugely appreciated – thank you.

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 15:21

To: [Redacted]

Subject: Re: Epstein case/NYPD Sex Offender Monitoring Unit

I will call personally and explain it’s importance to them. No problem

On Jul 10, 2019, at 3:18 PM, [Redacted] wrote: [Redacted]

Lt. [Redacted]

Understood, and thanks very much. Just on the risk assessment, is there any way at all for them to pull that? We expect we may get questions on it at the bail hearing on Monday, so totally understand it’s with the vendor but if it’s all possible to pull that file so we can have a copy that would be great – just wanted to check.

thanks very much again,

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 08:25

To: [Redacted]

Cc: [Redacted]

Subject: Re: Epstein case/NYPD Sex Offender Monitoring Unit

The discovery of the photographs will not have any effect on, nor will it alter, the status of his sex offender registration. We have conferred with the NYS Division of Criminal Justice Services (DCJS) in Albany in order to obtain his case file which would include the risk assessment. They are in the middle of a multi-year project to digitally scan all of their docs and the Epstein file is with the vendor. We should have it within 10 days.

Lt. [Redacted]

New York City Police Department

Special Victims Division

Commanding Officer

Sex Offender Monitoring Unit

[Redacted], N.Y, N.Y.

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 12:30 AM

EFTA00030164

To: [REDACTED], [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED], [REDACTED]; [REDACTED]
Subject: RE: Epstein case/NYPD Sex Offender Monitoring Unit

Lt. [REDACTED],

Thanks very much for being in touch, and I’m in receipt of your email – should Mr. Epstein be granted bail and released, I will certainly advise his attorneys that he or they must contact you immediately to arrange for the processes required in New York State. I’m also copying my colleagues on the case, prosecutors [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], so they’re aware of the issue as well.

Separately, at the bail hearing yesterday the judge asked if there is any effect from the discovery of nude and partially-nude photographs of women and girls who appear to be young, including possibly under 18 years of age, discovered during a search on Saturday in his New York residence. Do you know if there is any impact of that with respect to his New York registration and/or offender status? Or if there’s another person I should check with about that? I’m happy to give anyone a call.

Similarly, I believe that there may have been a 2011 state risk assessment in connection with Epstein—is it possible to obtain a copy of that?

thanks very much,

[REDACTED]
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 12:22
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Epstein case/NYPD Sex Offender Monitoring Unit

Mr. [REDACTED]

Thank you very much for taking the time today to speak to me regarding the Epstein case. As I mentioned Mr. Epstein is a registered Level 3 sex offender in the State Of New York and should he be released and establish residence in NYC he is legally obligated to appear at my office ever 90 days. In addition, he is required to have a new photo taken every 3 years (his current photo is 9 years old). If he is released his immediate appearance at my office should be mandatory. Please feel free to reach out to me should you have any additional questions or concerns in this matter.

Lt. [REDACTED]
New York City Police Department
Special Victims Division
Commanding Officer
Sex Offender Monitoring Unit
[REDACTED], N.Y, N.Y.

EFTA00030165