From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: updates
Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 16:00:21 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks. Makes sense. As part of that, can you just remind the Brass in a sentence or less who she is?

From: &gt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 11:56 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: RE: updates

Thanks, sending now—I’m adding one bullet point, which is that we are scheduled to meet with  on 9/11 for a reverse proffer. I’m not sure whether we had discussed that, so wanted to make sure you were aware.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 11:06 AM
To: &gt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: RE: updates

Got it, thanks. Please make those changes and pass up.

From: &gt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 11:05 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Subject: RE: updates

Thanks, . Only small changes:

- Because of Hurricane Dorian, it looks like this week’s Florida trip will have to be rescheduled. I’ll make that change.
-  still appears to be open to a videoconference interview. What she backed out of was meeting us last week.
- The  interview will be in person, not by videoconference (that’s my error,  pointed that out and I’ll fix it).
- Regarding the  attorney proffer, I would say she has denied knowing the victims were minors and that the massages would be sexual in nature.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, September 3, 2019 10:58 AM

EFTA00030660

To: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;; [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]&gt;

Subject: RE: updates

Hope you all had a good long weekend and got to take a bit of a break. Assuming no big developments since Friday afternoon, I’ve proposed some modest additions/changes to your bullets, below. Can you take a quick look, note my question below on [REDACTED], and let me know if there is anything worth discussing further? If not, you can send on to the Brass noting this is per Geoff’s request for an update. Thanks

Oh, and we’ll do something more official soon, but a formal welcome to the unit, [REDACTED]

- On August 27th, the team met separately with [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] as the individual through whom they scheduled all of their encounters with Epstein. Critically, both have also said [REDACTED] was present when they arrived to perform the massages (and thus would have seen how old they were) and on some occasions paid them after the “massages” were complete. During our meetings on August 27, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] both conveyed that they are willing to continue to cooperate in an ongoing investigation into Epstein’s co-conspirators.

- On August 27th, the team met with [REDACTED], who reported being sexually assaulted at several of Epstein’s properties while she was an adult. [REDACTED] described being recruited to perform massages for Epstein by Ghislaine Maxwell. [REDACTED] indicated that she would cooperate with our ongoing investigation.

- On August 27th, the team interviewed [REDACTED], who described being recruited by Ghislaine Maxwell and caused to engage in sexualized massage sessions with Epstein, during which she was sexually assaulted. These assaults occurred in London, Florida, the USVI, and New York, beginning when [REDACTED] was 17 and continuing into her early twenties. These incidents occurred in the 1990s, before the sex trafficking statutes were enacted. [REDACTED] indicated that she would cooperate with our ongoing investigation.

- On August 27th, the team met with [REDACTED], who has previously been interviewed and has described being sexually assaulted by Epstein at several of his properties when she was 17. [REDACTED] has reported that [REDACTED] was present during at least one of these encounters. [REDACTED] has indicated that she will cooperate with our ongoing investigation.

- On August 29th, the team met with [REDACTED], [REDACTED], and [REDACTED], who have each reported being sexually abused by Epstein while they were adults. We are in the process of scheduling an interview with [REDACTED], who, as noted, was an adult at the time she was abused, and has accused Ghislaine Maxwell of being involved in her abuse. We anticipate that the interview will occur by videoconference, likely during the next two weeks. [Is this still happening, I thought she had backed out?]

- Weather permitting, the team hopes to travel to Florida the week of September 3 for two meetings. First, we hope to meet with [REDACTED] for a second proffer. [REDACTED] worked as an assistant to Epstein in 2004, reporting to [REDACTED]. Her duties included scheduling two to three “massages” for Epstein each day he was in Florida. Second, we hope to meet with [REDACTED] for a reverse proffer. When [REDACTED] was 16, Epstein proposed that she recruit girls for him, and [REDACTED] brought her young friends to Epstein for “massages” for several years. [REDACTED] was granted immunity by SDFL and provided grand jury testimony as part of the prior investigatoin, and we hope to pursue [REDACTED] as a witness in this case. Our understanding is that [REDACTED] coordinated appointments for the victims through [REDACTED].

- On September 6th, we are scheduled to meet with [REDACTED] defense counsel for an second attorney proffer. At the initial attorney proffer, [REDACTED] attorney’s substantially minimized her knowledge of the criminal elements of her conduct, namely the age of the girls she was scheduling to “massage” Epstein.

EFTA00030661

- On September 9th, we are scheduled to interview [REDACTED] by videoconference. [REDACTED] has accused Ghislaine Maxwell of recruiting her when she was 16.

- On September 16th, we are scheduled to interview [REDACTED], who worked as Epstein’s “house man” at the New York Residence for many years. To our knowledge, [REDACTED] has never been interviewed before.

- During the week of September 16th, the team plans to travel to California for several meetings. We hope to meet with [REDACTED], a victim who is described in our previous memorandum regarding co-conspirators. We have previously interviewed [REDACTED] who has told us that [REDACTED] was not only involved in scheduling her “massages,” but met/observed [REDACTED] in person and was present for conversations about the sexual natures of the encounters with Epstein, and we hope to discuss whether [REDACTED] is willing to cooperate with our ongoing investigation. While we are in California, we also hope to schedule follow-up interviews with [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] [REDACTED] described above.

EFTA00030662