From: "Kate L. Doniger" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " , Alexandra Conlon
, Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Wed, 15 Apr 2020 13:08:36 +0000

Thanks very much, [REDACTED].

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 12:10 AM
To: Kate L. Doniger &lt;&gt;
Cc: ; Alexandra Conlon &lt;&gt;; Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein

Kate,

Thank you for checking in. I hope you are keeping well also. I do not think we need any additional information from you at this time. I hope to be able to provide an update early next week.

Thanks,

From: Kate L. Doniger &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, April 14, 2020 3:01 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: ; Alexandra Conlon &lt;&gt;; Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein

We hope that you are keeping well in this very challenging time.

We completely understand that all things are in flux these days, but we just wanted to check in with you about our request and whether there is any other information you need from us. If it would be helpful to set up a call to discuss, we are available at your convenience.

Best,

Kate

Kate L. Doniger | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

EFTA00030319

EFTA00030320

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, February 27, 2020 7:23 PM
To: Alexandra Conlon &lt;&gt;; Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Cc: Kate L. Doniger &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein

Alexandra and Robbie,

Thank you for this. I will contact you regarding the request.

Thanks,

From: Alexandra Conlon &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 7:54 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Cc: Kate L. Doniger &lt;&gt;; &lt;&gt; &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein

SENT ON BEHALF OF ROBERTA KAPLAN

AUSA

Thank you for contacting us. Attached please find a Touhy letter and supporting exhibit requesting documents from the Department of Justice in connection with our pending litigation against Jeffrey Epstein’s estate.

We are happy to schedule a time to talk if it would be helpful to discuss our request.

Best Regards,

Robbie

Alexandra Conlon | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

[REDACTED] [REDACTED]
From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, January 6, 2020 6:59 PM
To: Roberta Kaplan &lt;&gt;
Cc: Kate L. Doniger &lt;&gt;; Alex Conlon &lt;&gt;
Subject: Request for Information Relating to Jeffrey Epstein

Dear Ms. Kaplan,

Please find attached a letter regarding the request you discussed with AUSA [REDACTED] for certain information relating to Jeffrey Epstein. As stated in the letter, please contact me once you have had a chance to review the letter if you would like to discuss the issues therein further.

EFT A00030321

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.