From:
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena Log and Subpoena Records
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2019 15:54:07 +0000

You have co-owner status now. Congratulations!

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 31, 2019 10:58 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena Log and Subpoena Records

Can you either change my folder settings from editor to co-owner so that I can add her? Or just add her directly? Whatever is easiest. I will go ahead and re-upload all the subpoenas and returns since there appear to be no files in the folder for either.

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 31, 2019 1:47 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Subpoena Log and Subpoena Records

Yes, I think she needs two things:

1. Access to USAFX. I just added you to the folder.
2. All the subpoena returns re-loaded since they've expired since I last uploaded them.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, October 29, 2019 5:23 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Subpoena Log and Subpoena Records

Is there a folder/is what she is talking about on there?

From:
Sent: Tuesday, October 29, 2019 3:04 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Subpoena Log and Subpoena Records

Hi

I was just going through all of my emails for the Epstein investigation to make sure everything was in the case file – realized that I never asked to get access to USAFX in order to see all the subpoenas and returns... Can you give me access and is everything still posted on that site?

Thanks so much –

Special Agent
FBI New York Field Office

EFTA00031401

Violent Crimes Task Force

From:
Sent: Saturday, August 17, 2019 4:27 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Subpoena Log and Subpoena Records

Hi,

Attached is a log of all the subpoenas we've served and what has come back. I've posted the actual subpoenas and returns on the USAO's FTP site, called USAFX. Carpenter and Gildea already have access to USAFX. For everyone else, you'll need an account which is very easy. Will can help you get an account – I think he'll just need your cellphone number.

Let us know if you have any questions.

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00031402