From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: FW: SDNY COIVD Screening Forms for next week

Date: Fri, 13 Aug 2021 21:54:29 +0000

Attachments: -Fact_Witness_Travel_Request.docx

Hi

Please see below. Would you be able to send the hotel confirmation for please? I'm reattaching the travel request for reference. You sent me his flight confirmation, but did not include a hotel.

Thanks.

---Original Message---

From: Giffuni, Danielle &lt;

Sent: Friday, August 13, 2021 5:53 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: McGorty, Glen &lt;;; Zelenko, Daniel &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (

Subject: Re: SDNY COIVD Screening Forms for next week

has not received confirmation of his hotel or the location. Can you advise? Thanks.

Best,

Danielle

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 13, 2021, at 5:27 PM, wrote:

External Email

2pm is fine on our end, thanks very much. See you then.

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

1 St. Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

From: McGorty, Glen &lt;

Sent: Friday, August 13, 2021 5:08 PM

EFTA00031450

To: Zelenko, Daniel &lt;&gt;
Giffuni, Danielle &lt;&gt;
Cc: &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: SDNY COIVD Screening Forms for next week

Danielle and I are going to be covering Monday's in-person meeting with Mr. [redacted] and we look forward to seeing everyone. On scheduling, I've had a few other commitments come up which make 1 p.m. challenging. Would a 2 p.m. start work on your end? Please let me know.

Best,
Glen

Glen G. McGorty | Crowell &amp; Moring LLP
Managing Partner, New York Office
590 Madison Avenue | 20th Floor | New York, NY 10022-2524

&lt;mailto: &gt; | https://protect2.fireeye.com/v1/url?k=66c54f25-395e77f7-66c26bc0-0cc47adc5fdc-e9bcfe6b773546e6&amp;q=1&amp;e=28033cda-5860-4cae-8f98-6e4eaf859586&amp;u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.crowell.com%2F&lt;https://protect2.fireeye.com/v1/url?k=2360369b-7cfb0e49-2367127e-0cc47adc5fdc-d61411b10ea2bc44&amp;q=1&amp;e=28033cda-5860-4cae-8f98-6e4eaf859586&amp;u=https%3A%2F%2Furldefense.proofpoint.com%2Fv2%2Furl%3Fu%3Dhttps-3A_protect2.fireeye.com_v1_url-3Fk-3D2092029e-2D7f093a62-2D2095267b-2Dac1f6b01771c-2D813a46c141eac8b6-26q-3D1-26e-3Df7369b39-2D2bba-2D4fdd-2Db383-2D18e9edeab60a-26u-3Dhttp-253A-252F-252Fwww.crowell.com-252F%26d%3DDwMFAg%26c%3DAnw7wKLFSGyH7zEzIqozgMRy5HE-AH-SibmOy3H7xE%26r%3DKDRdSVUyNAj8IWNM_VrQrkKKk4m5i0ywyyCPr1DO_4s%26m%3DWdNEGYrpWgePv-LoMT9UO3r2uWNVTShbMBcDRPtCFjl%26s%3DM9gH1R9plMhtY5U3uZrKQkjMXYLX39wn8qufPEzafog%26e%3D&gt; | Web Bio&lt;https://protect2.fireeye.com/v1/url?k=5b7888e6-04e3b034-5b7fac03-0cc47adc5fdc-41dc41481b64b60d&amp;q=1&amp;e=28033cda-5860-4cae-8f98-6e4eaf859586&amp;u=https%3A%2F%2Furldefense.proofpoint.com%2Fv2%2Furl%3Fu%3Dhttps-3A_protect2.fireeye.com_v1_url-3Fk-3D5b4fc9a5-2D04d4f159-2D5b48ed40-2Dac1f6b01771c-2D44d5cab358afe040-26q-3D1-26e-3Df7369b39-2D2bba-2D4fdd-2Db383-2D18e9edeab60a-26u-3Dhttps-253A-252F-252Fwww.crowell.com-252Fprofessionals-252FGlen-2DMcGorty%26d%3DDwMFAg%26c%3DAnw7wKLFSGyH7zEzIqozgMRy5HE-AH-SibmOy3H7xE%26r%3DKDRdSVUyNAj8IWNM_VrQrkKKk4m5i0ywyyCPr1DO_4s%26m%3DWdNEGYrpWgePv-LoMT9UO3r2uWNVTShbMBcDRPtCFjl%26s%3DKLZbUnXQQwNVmIzglzw1Z-_fHYTOzYzsGJurc81rrLs%26e%3D&gt;

Privileged and Confidential • Attorney-Client Communication • Attorney Work Product This message contains privileged and confidential information. IF IT WAS SENT TO YOU BY MISTAKE, DO NOT READ IT. Instead, please notify the sender (or postmaster@crowell.com&lt;mailto:postmaster@crowell.com&gt;) by reply e-mail, and delete this e-mail.

Unauthorized dissemination, forwarding or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited.

From: &gt;&gt; &lt;mailto: &gt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, August 13, 2021 3:34 PM
To: McGorty, Glen &lt;mailto: &gt;&gt;; Zelenko, Daniel &lt;mailto: &gt;&gt;; Giffuni, Danielle &lt;mailto: &gt;&gt;; &lt;mailto: &gt;&gt;

Cc: &lt;mailto: &gt;&gt;

EFTA00031451

(USANYS) &lt;= &lt;mailto: &gt;;
&lt;= &lt;mailto: &gt;;

Subject: SDNY COIVD Screening Forms for next week

External Email
Hi all,

In advance of our meeting(s) with Mr.  at 1 St. Andrews, we'll need to ask everyone who is attending, including your client, to please fill out the attached form. Would you please send me the completed forms in advance of our meeting?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00031452