# Department of Homeland Security

## FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

THE ATTACHED MATERIALS CONTAIN DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY INFORMATION THAT IS “FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY,” OR OTHER TYPES OF SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION REQUIRING PROTECTION AGAINST UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE. THE ATTACHED MATERIALS WILL BE HANDLED AND SAFEGUARDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DHS MANAGEMENT DIRECTIVES GOVERNING PROTECTION AND DISSEMINATION OF SUCH INFORMATION.

AT A MINIMUM, THE ATTACHED MATERIALS WILL BE DISSEMINATED ONLY ON A “NEED-TO-KNOW” BASIS AND WHEN UNATTENDED, WILL BE STORED IN A LOCKED CONTAINER OR AREA OFFERING SUFFICIENT PROTECTION AGAINST THEFT, COMPROMISE, INADVERTENT ACCESS AND UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE.

MD 11042
EFTA00029688

Ghislaine Maxwell
Case No. 96-EU-00021510

Numéro du Départ

700514513 04

U.S. IMMIGRATION
NEW YORK, N.Y. 2412

Service de l'Immigration
et de la Naturalisation

I-94
Régistre de Départ

SEP 19 1995

ADMITTED HIB
UNTIL Nov.04 1995

14. Nom de l'ami
Maxwell

15. Prénom
B. M. S. A. L. I. N. C.

16. Précédence

17. Pays de Nationalité
BK 17154

Voir au Verso
PRENOM
STAPLE HERE

Avertissement - Une personne non immigrante qui accepte un emploi non autorisé
est passible d'expulsion.

Avis Important - Gardez ce permis en votre possession et rendez le en quittant les
Etats-Unis. Défaut de conformité pourrait retarder votre admission aux E.U. à
une date ultérieure.

Vous avez été autorisé à rester aux E.U. jusqu'à la date écrite sur ce permis. Tout
séjour au delà de cette date sans permission des autorités d'immigration sera une
infraction à la loi.

Retournez ce permis en quittant les E.U.:
- Par mer ou par air, à la compagnie de transport;
- Par la frontière canadienne, à un agent officiel canadien;
- Par la frontière mexicaine, à un agent officiel des E.U..

Les étudiants projetant de regagner leurs écoles aux Etats-Unis dans les 30 jours
doivent se référer à la section "Arrival-Departure" en page 2 du Formulaire I-20
avant de rendre ce permis.

Record of Changes

Port:
Date:
Carrier:
Flight #/Ship Name:

Departure Record

PRINTED AND SOLD BY YAMKEE SCHOONER INDUSTRIES CORPORATION
231 WEST 29TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY 10001-5208, U.S.A.
TEL: (212) 239-9200 - FAX (212) 239-9203

EFTA00029689

U.S. Department of Justice
Optimization and Naturalization Service

Ghislaine Noelle Marion Maxwell Case 96-EU-00021510

Notice of Action

|  Applicant/Petitioner A # |   | Application/Petition I129
PETITION FOR A NONIMMIGRANT WORKER  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Receipt #
EAC-92-204-50733 |   | Applicant/Petitioner
J EPSTEIN  |
|  Notice Date
November 5, 1992 | Page
1 of 1 | Beneficiary
MAXWELL, GLISLAINE
FRANCE  |

J EPSTEIN
C/O JEFFREY EPSTEIN CHAIRMAN
NEW YORK NY 10022

Approval Notice
Class: H1B
Valid from 11/05/92 to 11/04/95
Consulate: LONDON

Notice also sent to:
IRS

The above petition has been approved. It is valid for the period shown above. We have sent a cable to the consulate listed above to notify them of the approval of the petition.

This completes all INS action on this petition. If you have any questions about visa issuance, please contact the consulate directly.

Approval of this petition in itself does not authorize the employment of the named worker(s). If a visa is issued, upon admission in this classification the workers will be authorized to be employed by the petitioner for the authorized period pursuant to the terms and conditions of the petition. This notice, and a copy of the Form I-94, Nonimmigrant Arrival-Departure Document, for each worker, should be kept by the petitioner for record purposes to demonstrate that the employment of each of the workers included in this petition is authorized.

If plans change, and the person(s) this petition is for will apply for a visa at a consulate other than that listed above, the petitioner should file Form I-824, Application for Further Action on an Approved Application or Petition, with this office if you wish us to notify the new consulate. If the worker(s) have entered the U.S. in the interim, and now seek to change status to this new classification, file a new Form I-129 petition with a copy of this notice.

Please read the back of this form carefully for more information. If you have questions concerning tax withholding, contact the Internal Revenue Service.

If any of the worker(s) included in this petition do not actually enter the United States, and substitutions of different workers are not made, the petitioner must notify this office so the allocated nonimmigrant visa numbers can be re-used.

You will be notified separately about any other applications or petitions you filed. Save this notice. Please enclose a copy of it if you write to us about this case, or if you file another application based on this decision. Our address is:

IMMIGRATION &amp; NATURALIZATION SERVICE
EASTERN SERVICE CENTER
75 LOWER WELDEN STREET
SAINT ALBANS VT 05479-0001

Tel: (802) 527-3160

Form I-797 (8/03/90) Y

Please see additional information on the back.

EFTA00029690

275

APR 20 1993

DEC 12 1993

ADMITTED UNTIL

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200 DAL 5

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200 DAL 5

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200 DAL 5

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200 DAL 5

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

U.S. IMMIGRATION

200

^{}[]