EFTA00030524

From: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: " )" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " )" &lt;&gt;, " (USANYS)"
&lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case
Date: Mon, 02 Nov 2020 17:18:20 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.jpg

To confirm one more time you tagged all of the documents in the NYC folders (24348, 24349 and 24350) as when we add all of the numbers up it adds up to 5,283 documents.

- The 347 documents tagged "Identified Responsive" in the NYC024348 folder on the "US v. Epstein (SW Returns)" database;
- The 39 documents tagged "Identified Responsive" in the NYC024349 folder on the "US v. Epstein (SW Returns)" database; and
- The 4,897 documents tagged "Identified Responsive" in the NYC024350 folder on the "US v. Epstein (SW Returns)" database.

The vendor had a quick question and I want to make sure we are referencing the same set of documents.
Thank you.

From: [REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 11:51 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case
Confirmed, thank you very much.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 11:33 AM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt; (USANYS)
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case

Per our conversation we will go ahead and produce this documents and add these documents to the large production are working on right now. I will let you know if there are any questions.
Thank you.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 10:43 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt; (USANYS) &lt;&gt; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case

I am confused by this email. Last week, I requested that particular documents from these folders be prepared for production (see attached correspondence). Would you please call me to discuss?
Thanks,

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 10:40 AM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt; (USANYS)
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt; (USANYS) &lt;&gt; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case

Good Morning,

The following searches have been setup for your review. Please let me know if you plan to produce these documents as it is possible that some of these documents are part of the production the vendor is currently working on right now.

- ☑ NYC024348-NYC024349-NYC024350 - Email &amp; Terms
- ☑ NYC024348-NYC024349-NYC024350 - Email Addresses
- ☑ NYC024348-NYC024349-NYC024350 - Search Terms

Thank you.

From: ___________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:12 PM
To: ___________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;___________________________&gt;
Cc: ___________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;; ___________________________ (USANYS) &lt;___________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case

Thank you so much.

From: ___________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;___________________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:00 PM
To: ___________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;
Cc: ___________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;; ___________________________ (USANYS) &lt;___________________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case

I will do what I can to get this done.

Thank you.

From: ___________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:56 PM
To: ___________________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;___________________________&gt;
Cc: ___________________________ &lt;___________________________&gt;; ___________________________ (USANYS) &lt;___________________________&gt;
Subject: Request for search in Maxwell case

I have another search request for the Maxwell case, please. If there's any way to get these searches run before you're off tomorrow, I'd be very grateful.

We need the following search terms run on all of the non-privileged files contained in the three folders entitled "NYC024328", "NYC024349", and "NYC024350" in the "US v Epstein (SW Returns)" database on Relativity:

- Please run the search terms listed in the attached Word document entitled "Epstein Responsiveness Search Terms". Please tag all hits with a tag entitled "Potentially Responsive". I believe you modified these search terms when running them on a larger data set in the same database. Please feel free to use those modified terms on this search as well if that is easier.
- For all of the email addresses listed in the attached Word document entitled "Epstein Responsiveness Email Addresses," please pull any email with any of those addresses in the header (TO, FROM, CC, or BCC). Please tag all of those emails with the same tag entitled "Potentially Responsive".

Please let me know when these searches are complete, so that I can review the Potentially Responsive hits. Once we have reviewed, we will let you know what should be produced from that database.

Thanks very much,

EFTA00030525