7/27/19

When interviewed, he stated he still cannot remember what happened in SHU that caused the marks on his neck. He stated that for the 5 days before that he had only slept about 30 minutes each night because of noise in SHU. He stated he is anxious about going back to SHU because he stated he is going back to a place where he had gotten marks on his neck and he does not know why it happened

He said he has an appetite and is eating. He said he is waking up every 1 1/2 hours. He stated he feels dehydrated because he is not drinking enough water because he stated he feels he is not given enough bathroom breaks while with his Attorney. Medical was e-mailed with his complaint of feeling dehydrated. He said his Lawyers and friends are all emotionally supportive.

7/28/19

The "Eating/Shower Chart" noted that yesterday he ate breakfast. He is not in the Psych Observation cell for about 12 hours per day because of being in Attorney Conference with his Attorneys, so the "Eating/Shower Chart" may not reflect all of his meals. He stated he was served one meal in Attorney Conference yesterday. He stated he drinks a lot water at night. The Psych Observation log noted he talked about life in general population and he slept.

Earlier he had complained that his right arm was numb and hanging. Nurse [redacted] from Medical had seen him for this.

When this writer was interviewing him, he said his right arm still feels somewhat numb and he said he cannot make a fist with that hand. He also said he has numbness on his neck. This writer notified Nurse [redacted].

He stated last night when he flushed the toilet it kept flushing for 45 minutes. He stated he found it so aversive and upsetting that he said he sat in the corner and held his ears. He said because of this he was agitated for hours and was not able to sleep. The Lt. will be moving him to a different cell and he was informed of this. He stated the feeling he got with the noise of the toilet was similar to when he was in SHU. He said he may have something on the Autism spectrum. He said in the movie "Rain Man," the person with Autism had an aversion to noise. He stated he is also really good with numbers

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00009939
EFTA00034045