From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: DOJ Eyes Fraud Section Acting Chief For Permanent Gig  |
| --- |
|  Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 07:50:53 +0000  |
|  Law360 White Collar | WHITE COLLAR  |
| --- | --- |
|  Tuesday, July 16, 2019 | Follow Law360  |
| --- | --- |

## TOP NEWS

### DOJ Eyes Fraud Section Acting Chief For Permanent Gig

Robert Zink, the acting chief of the U.S. Department of Justice's Fraud Section, is expected to be tapped as permanent head of the corporate crime-fighting unit, sources familiar with the matter have confirmed to Law360.
Read full article »

### Epstein Accusers Appear At Bail Hearing, Ask He Be Jailed

The government sparred with sex-trafficking suspect Jeffrey Epstein at a bail hearing on Monday, decrying his "offensive" arguments it said minimized the charges — arguments punctuated by pleas to jail him from two women who say Epstein had victimized them.
Read full article »

### PR Exec Files As Foreign Agent After Callout In Craig Case

A London public relations executive expected to take the stand as a prosecution witness at the upcoming trial of former Skadden partner Gregory Craig registered Friday with the U.S. Department of Justice as a foreign agent of Ukraine.
Read full article »

### DOJ Urges 'Rigorous' Conflict Inquiry In 'Varsity Blues' Case

Federal prosecutors have again urged a Boston federal judge overseeing the "Varsity Blues" college admissions cheating case to hold a "rigorous inquiry" into conflicts of interest at BigLaw firms representing parents and the University of Southern California.
Read full article »

### Couple Can Get Separate Trials In Fraud Suit, 3rd Circ. Says

The Third Circuit has ordered a new trial for a woman convicted alongside her husband in Pennsylvania federal court in a benefits fraud case after finding that she'd been improperly forced to choose between taking the stand in her own defense and exercising her privilege not to testify against her spouse.
Opinion attached | Read full article »

### HBO 'Neverland' Arbitration Row Paused In Anti-SLAPP Effort

A California federal judge on Monday held back on deciding whether the estate of Michael Jackson's breach of contract suit over HBO's "Leaving Neverland" documentary should go to arbitration right away, instead allowing HBO to address First Amendment issues underlying the allegations it disparaged Jackson's character.
[Law360 Pro Say Podcast]

Listen to our new podcast here

### LAW FIRMS

Akin Gump
Bayard PA
Campbell &amp; Williams
Cleary Gottlieb
Cosgrove Eisenberg
Covington &amp; Burling
Davis Polk
Donnelly Conroy
Eisner Gorin
Freedman + Taitelman
Gellert Scali
Gibson Dunn
Gupta Wessler
Hogan Lovells
Horack Talley
Hughes Hubbard
Katten Muchin
Kaye McLane
Kinsella Weitzman
Latham &amp; Watkins
Mark Beck Law
Motley Rice
Nixon Peabody

EFTA00032956</table>

Read full article »

SECURITIES

# Nomura Settles SEC's Shoddy Supervision Claims For $26.5M

Nomura agreed Monday to pay more than $26 million to resolve the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's allegations that the bank failed to supervise traders who allegedly lied to clients about the pricing of residential mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

# SEC Settles With Broker In Woodbridge Ponzi Scheme

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission settled claims Monday with a Tennessee-based broker the agency accused of selling unregistered securities in connection with two Ponzi schemes, including the $1.2 billion scheme allegedly perpetrated by the Woodbridge Group of Cos. LLC.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

# Venezuelans Hit Gem-Tied Crypto Co. With $30M Ponzi Suit

A group of Venezuelan nationals filed a fraud suit in Florida federal court on Friday, claiming they were reeled into a $30 million Ponzi scheme with promises of lofty returns on investments in a diamond-backed cryptocurrency.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

# Reckitt Hit With Stock Drop Suit Over $1.4B Opioid Probe Deal

British pharmaceutical company Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC was hit with a stock drop suit Monday in New Jersey federal court, shortly after announcing it will pay U.S. authorities up to $1.4 billion to settle an investigation into an opioid addiction medication.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

# PUBLIC INTEGRITY

# Boston City Aides Make 11th-Hour Bid To Toss Extortion Case

Two Boston City Hall aides charged with pressuring a music festival to hire unneeded union labor made a final bid to get extortion charges thrown out Monday in federal court just a week before jury selection is scheduled to begin.

Read full article »

# BANK FRAUD

# Feds Say Tribal Immunity No Bar Against Criminal Charges

The federal government told the Third Circuit on Friday that another court's recent ruling on tribal immunity to civil suits didn't help an attorney and businessman sentenced to jail on criminal charges for helping provide loans with illegally high interest rates through tribe-owned companies.

Letter attached | Read full article »

# HEALTH

# Insys Proposes Novel Gov't Committee Deal In Ch. 11 Case

Bankrupt drugmaker Insys Therapeutics Inc. reached a deal with a group of government entities seeking representation in its Chapter 11 case Monday by proposing the formation of a limited-purpose committee of local agencies that will be able to participate in plan negotiations.

Read full article »

# IMMIGRATION

O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Offit Kurman
Pepper Hamilton
Richards Layton
Robbins Geller
Ropes &amp; Gray
Scheper Kim
SeegerWeiss
Skadden
Stradley Ronon
Wachtell Lipton
Weil Gotshal
WilmerHale
Zuckerman Spaeder

# COMPANIES

Barnes &amp; Noble Inc.
Clinique Laboratories LLC
ConvergEx Group LLC
Ennis Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies Inc.
FTI Consulting Inc.
Home Box Office Inc.
Indivior PLC
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
National Consumer Law Center
New Jersey On-Line LLC
New York Times Co.
New York University
Nomura Holdings, Inc.
Pacific Investment Management Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Podesta Group Inc.
Purdue Pharma LP
Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC
Tommy Hilfiger Corp.
UBS AG
Woodbridge Group of Cos. LLC

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Administrative Conference of the United States
Department of Commerce
Executive Office of the President
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Trade Commission
Guidiville Band of Pomo Indians
Internal Revenue Service
Kalispel Tribe of Indians
Lac Vieux Desert Band of Lake
Superior Chippewa Indians

EFTA00032957

EFTA00032958

# Tent Rental Biz Used Unauthorized Workers To Make Millions

A Florida tent rental company and its officers allegedly raked in millions while concealing from federal investigators that their workforce was composed of immigrants not authorized to work in the country, U.S. Department of Justice officials said Friday.

Read full article »

## GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

### Ex-Navy Official Sentenced To 70 Mos. For Kickback Plot

A former civilian senior procurement official has been sentenced in California federal court to 70 months in prison for taking $1.2 million in kickbacks and paying fraudulent invoices for U.S. Navy contracts, prosecutors said Monday.

Read full article »

## TAX

### 10th Circ. Axes Tax Conviction Over Faulty Pro Se Waiver

The Tenth Circuit on Monday vacated a $342,000 judgment against a man convicted of tax evasion and obstruction, saying a Utah federal court did not properly warn him that he needed to follow federal court rules if he represented himself.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

## PEOPLE

### Judge Who Oversaw Sen. Menendez Trial Dies At 86: Report

U.S. District Judge William H. Walls, who presided over Sen. Bob Menendez's New Jersey federal jury trial and acquittal for bribery, has died at the age of 86, according to a report from NJ.com.

Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### What To Know About Pending Insider Trading Legislation

Recently introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives, the Insider Trading Prohibition Act will represent a potentially significant clarification of U.S. insider trading laws if it proceeds further. And it could be viewed as extending criminal liability to "reckless" conduct, say attorneys at Cleary.

Read full article »

### Federal Agencies Need A Uniform Record-Keeping Process

The administrative record is very important to federal agency litigation — as showcased in last month's U.S. Supreme Court decision concerning the addition of a citizenship question to the 2020 census — yet there is no set of consistent principles to guide agencies in compiling these official records, say attorneys at WilmerHale.

Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### Conservative Lawyers Slam Trump's 'Ignorant Racist' Tweets

Checks and Balances, a group of conservative and libertarian attorneys, on Monday tore into tweets in which President Donald Trump suggested four Democratic congresswomen of color should "go back" to their "crime infested" countries, condemning the president's "ignorant racist nature" and calling his rhetoric "a rejection of those founding principles of our nation."

Read full article »

National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

Securities and Exchange Commission

U.S. Attorney's Office

U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit

U.S. Department of Energy

U.S. Department of Homeland Security

U.S. Department of Justice

U.S. District Court for the Central District of California

U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts

U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey

U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida

U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

U.S. House of Representatives

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

U.S. Navy

U.S. Senate

U.S. Supreme Court

United States District Court for the District of Utah

# Estee Lauder Promotes General Counsel To Vice Chairman

Estee Lauder elevated its executive vice president and general counsel to the newly created position of vice chairman, a role in which she will continue to promote women's professional development.

Read full article »

# Offit Kurman Deal With NC Firm Paves Way For 13th Office

Offit Kurman PA announced Monday that it is entering into an affiliation with Charlotte-based Horack Talley Pharr &amp; Lowndes PA, allowing the firm to expand into its 13th office and its first in North Carolina.

Read full article »

# Gov't Can't Duck Review Of PACER Fee Use, Fed. Circ. Told

A certified class of PACER users has urged the Federal Circuit to find that the judiciary can review whether the government improperly spent more than $200 million it collected from fees, saying the government can't rebut their claims and has resorted to making a "novel" jurisdictional argument that has no weight.

Read full article »

## Interview

# 15 Minutes With Barnes &amp; Noble's General Counsel

Since he officially started working as the first in-house lawyer at Barnes &amp; Noble in 2000, Brad Feuer said he has done "everything and anything" at the company. Here, the general counsel discusses e-reading, his answer to people who suggest bookstores are obsolete, and two of his favorite books.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  White Plains insurance boutique seeks associate defense litigator
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York | Mid-sized White Plains firm seeks municipal government associate
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York  |
| --- | --- |
|  elite lit boutique // mid level assoc
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York |   |

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032959