EFTA00032856

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory
Date: Wed, 04 Dec 2019 18:59:39 +0000

I'm late to this but that time works for me too, thanks.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, December 04, 2019 13:58
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Epstein forfeiture theory

I'm hobbled, so I can host on 3. Thanks!

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 4, 2019, at 1:53 PM, [redacted] [redacted] wrote:

Sure, would you like us to come to one of your offices, or should I reserve a conference room?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:44 PM
To: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]

Subject: RE: Re: Epstein forfeiture theory

Good here. Can someone send an invite?

From: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:43 PM
To: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]

Subject: RE: Re: Epstein forfeiture theory

Same, thanks!

From: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:33 PM
To: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
Cc: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [red]

That's perfect for me, thanks.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:24 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory

Monday is pretty open. Maybe 2pm?

Co-Chief, Money Laundering and Transnational Criminal Enterprises Unit
Asset Forfeiture Coordinator
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York

From:
Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2019 1:08 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Epstein forfeiture theory

Is there a time early next week that we might be able to meet with one or both of you to talk about forfeiture theories for certain Epstein properties? I know that we've talked about this in some detail already, but currently counsel for the Trustees of his estate are working on thinking about the value of the government's potential claims, in particular relating to statute of limitations issues, so we want to make sure we have the best possible arguments to present to them. Sorry for continuing to bother you on this, but we really appreciate the help!

thanks,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00032857