From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Document Collection

Date: Fri, 24 Jul 2020 16:32:37 +0000

Yes!

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 12:32 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: Epstein Document Collection

Does 2 or 3 work for you?

From: (OPR) &lt;

Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 11:45 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;;&gt;; (OPR) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Document Collection

Happy to talk today (or early next week if you prefer). Ring me anytime at , or we can schedule a call.

Counsel

Office of Professional Responsibility

U.S. Department of Justice

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 10:13 AM

To: (OPR) &lt;;&gt;; (OPR) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Epstein Document Collection

- We understand you've been overseeing and handling OPR's review of the 2008 Non-prosecution Agreement between SDFL and Jeffrey Epstein. As you likely know, our Office has been conducting its own investigation of Epstein and his associates, and we recently charged one of Epstein's co-conspirators, Ghislaine Maxwell.

We are just beginning the process of producing discovery in that case, and we were hoping to touch base with you on document collection. In particular, we understand OPR gathered a significant volume of material, including internal emails and the like, regarding the prior SDFL investigation ( . I think our team may have reached out to you directly at various points over the past year on that subject is well). We have not yet decided to what extent we have an obligation to gather or review that material in connection this case, but to facilitate our consideration of those issues, it would

EFTA00031991

extremely helpful for us to have a better sense of the universe of materials that may exist and that you may have collected as part of your review.

If you have some time later today or early next week for a call, please let us know.

Thanks,

Chief, Public Corruption Unit
U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York
Tel.

EFTA00031992