From: Public Policy Law360 <news-q@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Law360 Names Practice Groups Of The YearDate: Tue, 16 Jan 2018 09:51:00 +0000

Law360 Public Policy PUBLIC POLICY

Tuesday, January 16, 2018

Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Law360 Names Practice Groups Of The Year

Law360 congratulates the winners of its 2017 Practice Group of the Year awards, which honor the law firms behind the litigation wins and major deals that resonated throughout the legal industry in the past year. Read more »

### The Firms That Dominated In 2017

Law360's Firms of the Year rose above the competition with a combined 24 Practice Group of the Year awards after helping their clients win game-changing judgments and close record-breaking deals in 2017. Here's a closer look at how they landed at the top. Read more »

## Analysis

### Ex-US Attys Say Justice Best Served By Diverse Group

Former U.S. attorneys interviewed by Law360 said that having a diverse group of people in the job does more than contribute to positive perceptions of the Department of Justice: it can build bridges, prevent abuse and help DOJ leadership make better decisions. Read more »

### Gov't Must Pay Halted ACA Funds, Insurer Says

The Trump administration indisputably flouted the Affordable Care Act by cutting off millions of dollars in reimbursement for reduced copays and deductibles, a nonprofit health insurer told the U.S. Court of Federal Claims on Friday. Read more »

### No Major Changes Needed For Tax Bill, Speaker Ryan Says

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., acknowledged in an interview that aired Friday that Congress likely will need to make technical corrections to the $1.5 trillion tax bill passed by Congress at the end of last year but added that any changes made likely would be small. Read more »

### Trump Extends Iran Sanctions Waiver But Wants Deal Remade

President Donald Trump has again extended a sanctions waiver granted to Iran under the 2015 nuclear deal, saying Friday it's the final time he will do so unless the deal is significantly overhauled, as his administration announced additional sanctions against certain Iranian and related entities. Read more »

### Drug, Device Makers Cheer As FDA Punts Off-Label Policy

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday once again delayed a controversial new policy related to off-label promotion, drawing cheers from drug and device makers that have decried the agency's approach. Read more »

## Law360 Pro Say Podcast

Listen to our new podcast here

### LAW FIRMS

- Akerman
- Akin Gump
- Alston &amp; Bird
- Anderson &amp; Kreiger
- Archer &amp; Greiner
- Arnold &amp; Porter Kaye Scholer
- Ausley &amp; McMullen
- Baker McKenzie
- BakerHostetler
- Ballard Spahr
- Bancroft PLLC
- Bangs McCullen
- Barnes &amp; Thornburg
- Beasley Allen
- Beveridge &amp; Diamond
- Bowman and Brooke
- Bracewell
- Brach Eichler
- Brann &amp; Isaacson
- Bredhoff &amp; Kaiser
- Caplin &amp; Drysdale
- Cleary Gottlieb
- Cohen Milstein

EFTA00032562</fcel>

BANKING &amp; SECURITIES

# Supreme Court Agrees To Review SEC's In-House Judges

The U.S. Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider whether the hiring of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission administrative law judges violates the appointments clause of the Constitution, a case that could call into question the legitimacy of past rulings by the administrative judges. Read more »

# Credit Union Argues It Has Power To Challenge CFPB Role

A New York credit union on Friday attempted to convince a federal judge that it has the power to bring a lawsuit seeking to challenge President Donald Trump's appointment of a White House official to lead the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on an acting basis. Read more »

# ENERGY &amp; ENVIRONMENTAL

# Researcher Sues EPA For Access To Officials' Emails

An environmental researcher and Harvard University librarian on Friday sued the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, alleging it has improperly withheld emails he requested between Administrator Scott Pruitt and his chief of staff, as well as other employees. Read more »

# Coastal Senators Seek Ban On Drilling In Northeastern US

A bipartisan congressional delegation representing the northeastern U.S. this week mounted legislative action aiming to shield the nation's pre-eminent fishing region from a White House plan that would open nearly all American waters to oil and gas drilling next year. Read more »

# Fracking Case Now Moot, Ute Indian Tribe Tells 10th Circ.

The Ute Indian Tribe on Thursday told the Tenth Circuit that an appeal of a lower court order striking down the U.S. Bureau of Land Management's strengthening of regulations for fracking on federal and Native American lands should be tossed, saying the case is moot because the rule at issue has been axed. Read more »

# GOP Enviro Leaders Support Clean Power Plan Rollback

A group of Senate Republicans told the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in a letter on Friday that they were on board with the agency's proposal to repeal the Obama-era Clean Power Plan, saying the plan would be disastrous for American communities and jobs. Read more »

# Pa. Court Limits Review Over State's Use Of Gas Lease Funds

Following a landmark Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling last year limiting the state's use of payments from gas leases on public lands, a panel of judges has said that further review in the dispute will not include whether the funds can be put toward a conservation agency's operating costs. Read more »

# TRANSPORTATION &amp; INFRASTRUCTURE

# DC Circ. Partly Revives Truckers' DOT Safety Records Suit

The D.C. Circuit on Friday rejected most of a suit from independent commercial truck drivers alleging the U.S. Department of Transportation mishandled safety citation records that can hurt truckers' job prospects and business reputations, saying there wasn't enough proof of actual harm, but revived two drivers' claims. Read more »

# INSURANCE

Fla. House Passes Bill Aimed At 3rd-Party Insurance Payouts

Covington &amp; Burling
Crowell &amp; Moring
Cullen Law Firm
Davis Polk
Davis Wright Tremaine
Debevoise &amp; Plimpton
Dentons
Dewey &amp; LeBoeuf
Doar Rieck
Downs Rachlin
Duane Morris
Earthjustice
Emery Celli
Epstein Becker Green
Faegre Baker
Fenwick &amp; West
Fish &amp; Richardson
Fredericks Peebles
Freshfields
Fried Frank
Gibson Dunn
Goldstein &amp; Russell
Goodwin
Greenberg Traurig
Gupta Wessler
Hogan Lovells
Holland &amp; Knight
Horwood Marcus
Hughes Hubbard
Hunton &amp; Williams
Jenner &amp; Block
Jones Day
Kelley Drye
Kellogg Hansen
King &amp; Spalding
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Labaton Sucharow
Latham &amp; Watkins
Littler Mendelson
Mayer Brown
McDermott Will
McKool Smith
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Munger Tolles
Norton Rose Fulbright
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Ogletree Deakins
Oles Morrison
Outten &amp; Golden
Park Jensen Bennett

EFTA00032563

The Florida House of Representatives on Friday passed a bill designed to curtail perceived abuses of a system that allows repair contractors to pursue payment directly from property owners' insurance carriers, which the insurance industry has blamed for increases in premiums. Read more »

## EMPLOYMENT

### Trump Taps Morgan Lewis Vet To Round Out NLRB

President Donald Trump on Friday selected Morgan Lewis &amp; Bockius LLP partner John Ring to fill the lone vacancy on the five-member National Labor Relations Board, moving to restore a Republican majority that was lost following the departure of board chair Phil Miscimarra in December. Read more »

### Public Workers, III. AG Back Union Fees At High Court

The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan urged the U.S. Supreme Court not to block state unions from making workers cover bargaining costs, arguing in briefs filed Friday in a pivotal case for public sector labor that so-called agency fees are constitutional. Read more »

## COMPETITION

### ABA Sections Warn Of Risks In Regulating Online Platforms

The antitrust and international law sections at the American Bar Association on Wednesday shared their concerns about the potential chilling effects of additional regulations for online platforms like e-commerce operations and search engines recently floated by the European Commission. Read more »

## CONSUMER PROTECTION

### CFPB Leadership Battle Heads To DC Circ.

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Deputy Director Leandra English on Friday continued her fight to lead the powerful financial regulator by asking a federal appeals court to remove President Donald Trump's choice to serve as the bureau's acting director. Read more »

## INTERNATIONAL TRADE

### Analysis

### What You Need To Know About The Latest Steel Trade Fight

President Donald Trump may be poised to impose sweeping restrictions on steel imports that would bring an end to a nearly yearlong saga examining the intersection of trade policy and U.S. national security interests. As the president mulls his next move, here's everything you need to know about one of the year's most intriguing trade battles. Read more »

## TAX

### High Court To Consider Internet Retail Taxes' Reach

The U.S. Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear South Dakota's challenge to Quill v. North Dakota, setting the stage for the high court to decide whether states may compel retailers that do not have a physical presence within their borders to collect and remit use tax. Read more »

### Mnuchin Calls Attempts To Skirt SALT Cap 'Ridiculous' L

U.S. Department of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday called efforts by states such as California, New York and New Jersey to limit the scaling back of state and local tax deductions "ridiculous." Read more »

### First Parts Of 'Urgent' Swiss Tax Plan Slotted For 2019

Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Perkins Coie
Pillsbury Winthrop
Proskauer Rose
Quinn Emanuel
Reed Smith
Robbins Geller
Ropes &amp; Gray
Seeger Weiss
Seyfarth Shaw
Sidley Austin
Simpson Thacher
Skadden
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
Stradley Ronon
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Susman Godfrey
Venable LLP
Vinson &amp; Elkins
Weil Gotshal
White &amp; Case
Wiley Rein
Williams &amp; Connolly
Willkie Farr
WilmerHale
Wilson Sonsini
Winston &amp; Strawn
Zuckerman Spaeder
ZwillGen PLLC

## COMPANIES

7-Eleven Inc.
AIXTRON SE
AT&amp;T Inc.
AdvaMed
Aetna Inc.
Aleris Corp.
Allstate Corporation
American Bar Association
American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees
Apple Inc.
Associated Press
Association of Corporate Counsel
Avalara Inc.
Avvo Inc.
BNSF Railway
Bank of America Corporation
Bayer AG
Blue Apron Inc.

EFTA00032564

The Swiss government has announced that the first measures of its tax reform plan could roll out by the start of 2019, citing the "urgent" need to keep Switzerland competitive in the wake of a global trend to lower corporate rates. Read more »

## IMMIGRATION

### DACA Deal Uncertain After Trump's Derogatory Comments

President Donald Trump's inflammatory comments about migration from what he described as "shithole" countries drew widespread condemnation Friday while an underlying bipartisan legislative replacement for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program hangs in doubt. Read more »

### Fla. House Passes Ban On Sanctuary Cities

The Florida House of Representatives on Friday passed a controversial measure that would ban so-called sanctuary cities in the state, but the bill faces steep odds in the Senate. Read more »

### Gov't Denied Quick Win In Soldiers' Citizenship Suit

A D.C. district judge on Thursday rejected the federal government's bid for a quick win in a class action in which soldiers allege the military improperly changed the requirements for expedited naturalization applications. Read more »

## NATIVE AMERICAN

### Senate Sends Bill To Recognize Va. Tribes To Trump's Desk

A half dozen Native American tribes in Virginia could soon be recognized by the federal government after the U.S. Senate on Thursday approved a measure to have the United States formally acknowledge them, sending the bill to President Donald Trump's desk. Read more »

## TELECOMMUNICATIONS

### Municipal ISPs Offer Better Value, Harvard Study Suggests

Municipal broadband networks offer consumers better value than commercial internet service providers in most cases, a Harvard study recently found, although a lack of data on broadband service dynamics obfuscates the picture. Read more »

## WHITE COLLAR

### Mueller's Team Seeks May Trial Date For Manafort, Gates

Paul Manafort, the indicted former campaign manager to President Donald Trump, may face trial as soon as May, according to a filing Friday by the special counsel spearheading an investigation into the Trump campaign that also outlined plans for future evidence exchange. Read more »

## Analysis

### Justices Likely To Set New Tax Standard For Remote Vendors

The U.S. Supreme Court shocked the tax bar Friday by accepting South Dakota's direct challenge to the court's 1992 ruling that retailers must have a physical presence within a state to be liable for collection and remittance of use taxes, signaling the court's willingness to rethink that precedent in the age of internet sales. Read more »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### The Public Finance Industry Dodged A Tax Reform Bullet

The passage of the tax bill brought an end to a nearly two-month rollercoaster ride that had the public finance industry white-knuckled and a little green in the face. The final bill belied initial assurances that tax reform

CVS Caremark Corporation
Cable-Satellite Public Affairs Network
CenturyLink Inc.
Comcast Corporation
DXC Technology Co.
Duke Energy Corporation
Dunkin' Brands Group Inc.
Econ One Research Inc.
Ernst &amp; Young
Exxon Mobil Corporation
Facebook
Florida Justice Association
Global Eagle Entertainment Inc.
Google Inc.
Hearst Corp.
Hubbell Inc.
Hulu LLC
Instagram Inc.
International Brotherhood of Teamsters
Internet Brands, Inc.
JLL Partners
Johnson &amp; Johnson
Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
Kirkland's, Inc.
Lattice Semiconductor Corporation
Lexmark International, Inc.
LifeLock Inc.
LinkedIn Corp.
Los Angeles Times
McDonald's Corporation
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
Mercedes-Benz
National Collegiate Athletic Association
National Conference of State Legislatures
National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation
Netflix Inc.
New York Times Co.
New York University
Newegg Inc.
Oculus VR LLC
Overstock.com Inc.
Owner-Operator Independent Drivers Association Inc.
PhRMA
Retail Litigation Center Inc.
Sierra Club

EFTA00032565

"won't touch tax-exempt bonds," but the end result could have been a lot worse, say Victoria Ozimek and Brian Teaff of Bracewell LLP. Read more »

# A Momentous Year For CFIUS: Part 1

The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States was the subject of more focus, change and consequence in 2017 than it had been in at least a decade. It appears that the significant CFIUS developments last year soon may be followed by formal legal changes, say attorneys with Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &amp; Rosati PC. Read more »

# NJ's Evolving Health Care Arena: Trends To Watch In 2018

New Jersey is one of the most competitive and heavily regulated states in terms of health care, making it a good barometer for how the industry is evolving nationally. As physicians and medical groups deal with issues like flat reimbursement from insurance providers and the rapidly rising costs of operating a medical practice, the ways in which doctors deliver health care will continue to change in 2018, says John Fanburg of Brach Eichler LLC. Read more »

# Balancing Vertical Integration In Calif.'s Cannabis Industry

Given the incentives to organize vertically, California cannabis regulators will need to identify and challenge harmful vertical integration, but allow efficiency-improving integration in cannabis markets and revise regulations to reduce inefficiencies, says Georgina Moreno of Econ One Research Inc. Read more »

# How Tax Reform Will Change FCA Settlements

Little attention has been paid to a provision of the new tax law that requires federal agencies to specify, at the time of settlement of government claims, the portion of the settlement that may be deductible as a business expense. This is sure to impact False Claims Act and other settlements involving the government going forward, say attorneys with Fried Frank Harris Shriver &amp; Jacobson LLP. Read more »

# 5 Advertising Law Trends To Watch In 2018

Legal and technological disruptions in the advertising space last year outpaced the development of prior years. Although many topics contributed to this industry upheaval, there are five trends that shaped 2017 and will continue to develop in the coming years, say Jason Gordon and Andrew Levad of Reed Smith LLP. Read more »

# LEGAL INDUSTRY

# New Group To Probe Workplace Harassment In Federal Courts

The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts has launched a working group to examine the policies in place to protect employees of the federal judiciary from workplace harassment, the office announced on Friday. Read more »

# High Court Vet Joins Quinn Emanuel From Kirkland

U.S. Supreme Court heavy hitter Chris Landau is moving to Quinn Emanuel Urquhart &amp; Sullivan LLP after 25 years at Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP, joining a growing appellate group formed by his former Harvard law professor Kathleen Sullivan. Read more »

# Final Dewey Cooperator Gets No Jail Time

The final cooperator in the Manhattan district attorney's criminal case against former executives at the once prominent law firm of Dewey &amp; LeBoeuf LLP was sentenced to unconditional release on Friday, presumably ending the saga that absorbed the legal industry. Read more »

# Up Next At High Court: Betraying A Client, Appellate Rules

Skype Technologies SA

Snap Inc.

SoftBank Group Corp.

Spokeo Inc.

Spotify Technology SA

TAM SA

Tax Foundation

TelexFree LLC

The Renco Group

Twitter Inc.

U.S. Chamber of Commerce

United Steelworkers

UnitedLex Corp.

Washington Post Co.

Wayfair LLC

YouTube Inc.

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Bureau of Land Management

Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

Council on Environmental Quality

Department of Commerce

European Commission

European Union

Executive Office of the President

Federal Bureau of Investigation

Federal Communications Commission

Federal Judicial Center

Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration

Federal Trade Commission

Florida House of Representatives

Florida Office of Insurance Regulation

Florida State Senate

Food and Drug Administration

Internal Revenue Service

National Labor Relations Board

National Security Agency

Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission

Office of Foreign Assets Control

Office of the U.S. Trade Representative

Pennsylvania Supreme Court

Securities and Exchange Commission

Smithsonian Institution

EFTA00032566

A lawyer's courtroom betrayal of his client in a Louisiana murder trial is likely the juiciest item on the Supreme Court's oral argument calendar this week, but other cases involving the right of appeal in consolidated cases and a controversial question under the Fair Labor Standards Act could have major implications for the appellate and employment bars. Here's what to expect. Read more »

## Legal Tech Download: Acquisition Fever

The world of legal technology is quickly evolving, with new products coming to market in rapid succession. Here, Law360 takes a look at seven major recent developments. Read more »

## GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

The head of a conservative think tank slammed attacks against the Federal Communications Commission's Republican chairman over the agency's vote to repeal net neutrality, federal immigration officials inspected almost 100 7-Eleven stores across the country, and lawmakers in various states proposed legislation to quell workplace sexual harassment. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. Read more »

## Podcast Law360's Pro Say: When To Walk Away From A Dangerous Client

On the latest episode of Law360's Pro Say podcast, the team discusses how to know when it is time to ditch a dangerous client like Martin Shkreli, the latest developments over the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals immigration program, a case striking down partisan gerrymandering, and a bizarre 5-bite diet. Read more »

## In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. Read more »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

South Dakota Department of Revenue
U.S. Army
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Department of Defense
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Transportation
U.S. Department of the Interior
U.S. Department of the Treasury
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
U.S. House of Representatives
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
U.S. Office of Personnel Management
U.S. Postal Service
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court
Ute Indian Tribe
World Trade Organization

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call 1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032567