EFTA00031965

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

(USANYS)" &lt;

Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: Re: SDNY case

Date: Mon, 07 Dec 2020 01:41:32 +0000

Sure, sounds good, thanks.

On Dec 6, 2020, at 6:51 PM, " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

I think we will probably want to talk to him more than once, and it may take him time to line up resources on this, so if it's ok with you why don't we talk to him briefly to explain the timeline and issues. That way, we can forward him the filing when it comes in and he'll be prepped to look into it.

Sent from my iPhone

On Dec 6, 2020, at 6:43 PM, " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Yes, but I think it would make more sense to schedule this call for Tuesday so that we already have Maxwell's bail application when we speak with him.

On Dec 5, 2020, at 12:02 PM, " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Does that work for you?

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Date: December 5, 2020 at 2:32:23 AM EST

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Ofc. (33) (0)1 43 12 22 14

Mob. (33) (0)6 13 36 16 86

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 8:29 PM

To: [REDACTED] (CRM) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Cc: [REDACTED] &gt;; (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: RE: SDNY case

Hi [REDACTED].

I hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell is filing a renewed bail application on Monday, and we expect that the motion will raise issues relating to the possibility of extradition from France. Are you available for a call on Monday for a few questions? I know we discussed this issue over the summer, and it would be very helpful to ask a few follow up questions.

Thanks very much,

From: [REDACTED] (CRM) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 11:48 AM

To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: RE: SDNY case

My cell # is: + [REDACTED].

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 5:46 PM

To: [REDACTED] (CRM) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: Re: SDNY case

Thanks very much, 9 a.m. on Friday would be great. What number should I call?

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:44 AM, [REDACTED] (CRM) &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:

Sure thing. Friday looks pretty open for me. Would 9am or 9:30am work for you?

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 5:38 PM

To: [REDACTED] (CRM) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: Re: SDNY case

Hi [REDACTED].

Do you have a moment this week for a quick call? I have a few questions about the extradition process in France generally, and it would be helpful to discuss.

EFTA00031966

Thanks very much,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Plaza
New York, NY 10007

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:21 AM, (CRM) &lt; &gt; wrote:

- I am putting you in touch with who is working the Maxwell/Epstein matter in SDNY. She has some questions about the probably of extraditing someone from France who has dual US/French citizenship.

Thx,

EFTA00031967