90A-NY-3151227 Serial 56

FD-302 (Rev. 5-8-10)

-1 of 1-

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Date of entry 08/26/2019

On August 26, 2019, SHANNON FARRAR, Associate, LAW OFFICES OF MONTELL FIGGINS, address 17 Academy Street, suite 305, Newark, NJ 07102, telephone number [redacted], facsimile number [redacted], representing MICHAEL THOMAS, date of birth [redacted], SSN [redacted]. After being advised of the identity of the Special Agent, FARRAR provided the following information:

FARRAR provided a copy of the United States Department Office of the Inspector General, Consent to search Computer/Electronic Equipment form (OIG-Form 233/4), for an Apple iPhone XS, signed by THOMAS on 8/26/2019 at 10:20 a.m. and witnessed by FARRAR on the same date and time. The signed OIG-Form 233/4 is enclosed in a 1A associated with this report.

FARRAR provided SA [redacted] with the Apple iPhone XS, IMEI#: [redacted] and stated that THOMAS had unlocked the iPhone and turned off the security codes. SA [redacted] placed the iPhone in "airplane mode" and provided FARRAR with an FD-597 receipt for property for the iPhone. A copy of the FD-597 is enclosed in a 1A associated with this report.

FARRAR will contact SA [redacted] at a later time with the passcode for the iPhone.

|  Investigation on 08/26/2019 at Newark, New Jersey, United States (In Person)  |   |
| --- | --- |
|  File # 90A-NY-3151227 | Date drafted 08/26/2019  |
|  by [redacted] |   |

This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the FBI. It is the property of the FBI and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside your agency. SDNY_MT_0000020S

EFTA00033570