From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Greenberg Traurig Can't Avoid Trial In Forgery SuitDate: Wed, 21 Nov 2018 08:58:00 +0000

Law360 New York

NEW YORK

Law360 Closed For Thanksgiving

Newsletter service will resume on Monday, Nov. 26

Wednesday, November 21, 2018

Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Greenberg Traurig Can't Avoid Trial In Forgery Suit

A state judge in Manhattan on Tuesday rejected a request by Greenberg Traurig LLP to avoid a trial in a suit by a former Apollo fund manager who says the firm knowingly used a forged document in litigation against him, saying all that is left of the case must be decided by a jury in April. Read full article »

### Vijay Singh, PGA Settle 5-Year Deer-Antler Doping Saga

Golfer Vijay Singh has settled his lawsuit alleging the PGA Tour acted in bad faith by suspending him for using a deer-antler supplement that wasn't actually banned, according to documents filed Tuesday in New York state court. Read full article »

### Prison An Ignominious End To Gun Atty's Career, Judge Says

A Manhattan federal judge hit gun lawyer John Chambers with a year and a day in prison Tuesday for bribing a former New York City police sergeant for favors in securing clients' gun permits, saying the sentence marked "an ignominious end to a legal career that started with so much promise." Read full article »

### UK Lawyer Gets 20 Months For Decade Of Dodging US Taxes

A Manhattan federal judge sentenced English lawyer Michael Little to 20 months in prison Tuesday for helping the children of a deceased investor dodge taxes on their $14 million inheritance over a decade and for failing to pay his own taxes, ruling also that the former Royal Marine lied as he testified in his own defense. Read full article »

### US Nabs Swiss Banker Wanted In Failed Case Against PE CEO

A Swiss banker wanted for years by U.S. authorities for an alleged market manipulation scheme has been arrested and extradited to the U.S., to face fraud and conspiracy charges in a stock manipulation case that once targeted private equity CEO Benjamin Wey before it fell apart. Read full article »

## CONSUMER PROTECTION

Spirit Passengers' Bag-Fee Fraud Suit Preempted

Law360 Pro Say Podcast

Listen to our new podcast here

### LAW FIRMS

- Akerman
- Allen &amp; Overy
- Baker McKenzie
- Boehl Stopher
- Brenner Saltzman
- Brune Law PC
- CKR Law LLP
- Cadwalader Wickersham
- Cahill Gordon
- Caplin &amp; Drysdale
- Casillas Santiago
- Clifford Chance
- Covington &amp; Burling
- Cravath Swaine
- DLA Piper
- Davis Polk
- Debevoise &amp; Plimpton
- Dewey Pegno
- Dykema Gossett PLLC

EFTA00032623</fcel>

A New York federal judge on Tuesday tossed a proposed class action alleging Spirit Airlines Inc. defrauded consumers by concealing its carry-on bag fees on tickets sold through other online travel agents, saying federal law preempts their contract and fraud claims. Read full article »

SECURITIES &amp; WHITE COLLAR

Vending Machine Co. Staff Ask 2nd Circ. To Nix Fraud Raps

A group of former employees of a defunct Long Island vending machine company on Tuesday urged the Second Circuit to vacate their convictions for defrauding customers by lying about the money-making potential of the machines, with one worker citing ineffective assistance of counsel. Read full article »

Convicted Ex-Vereit Exec Attacks Witness' Credibility

Convicted former Vereit Inc. executive Brian Block angled for a retrial on Tuesday, attacking the credibility of a government cooperator who was offered part of another witness' whistleblower payout — a fact Block says prosecutors withheld. Read full article »

Investor Sues Foot Locker Over $6B Market Cap Drop

A Foot Locker Inc. shareholder filed a derivative suit against the company's officers and directors on Tuesday, claiming their actions and misrepresentations led to a nearly $6 billion drop in the company's market capitalization — representing more than half of the company's value — over the course of eight months in 2017. Read full article »

Altice Slammed With Stock-Drop Suit After $2.2B IPO

A putative class of investors filed a complaint in New York federal court on Monday alleging that cable television provider Altice USA Inc. misled them in the lead-up to the company's $2.2 billion initial public offering before the stock plunged 43 percent. Read full article »

Investcorp Slams Hedge Fund's Bid To Keep $100M Suit Alive

Investment adviser Investcorp lambasted Kortright Capital Partners LP in a heated exchange over whether Investcorp can duck the sole remaining claim in a $100 million suit alleging it defaulted on investment promises by pulling funds out of Kortright ahead of a deal with another party, according to new filings in New York federal court. Read full article »

EMPLOYMENT

Ex-NFL Security Personnel Shorted On OT, Benefits, Suit Says

A group of former National Football League security personnel filed a proposed class action in a New York federal court Tuesday claiming the league misclassified them as independent contractors as a way to deny them overtime and benefits. Read full article »

COMPETITION

Firm's Antitrust Claims Survive In Interest Rate Swaps MDL

A New York federal judge on Tuesday denied a bid to dismiss fintech firm trueEX LLC's antitrust claims against 11 banks that allegedly boycotted the firm's interest rate swaps platform and funneled business to an exchange that they operated, finding the allegations mirrored others in the multidistrict litigation that were allowed to pass through. Read full article »

Metaswitch Says Rival Telecom Co. Tried To Kill Competition

Metaswitch Networks Ltd., a telecommunications company, filed an antitrust complaint in New York federal court Tuesday alleging that another telecom intended to eliminate competition among companies that transform landline

Earthjustice
Eversheds Sutherland
Fitch Law Partners
Foley &amp; Lardner
Fredericks Peebles
Freshfields
Fried Frank
Gallet Dreyer
Gibson Dunn
Gleiss Lutz
Goodwin
Greenberg Traurig
Halperin Battaglia
Hanamirian Law Firm
Hermina Law Group
Hogan Lovells
Holwell Shuster
Hughes Hubbard
James Montgomery
Jenner &amp; Block
Jones Day
Kaplan Hecker
Katten Muchin
Klee Tuchin
Kostelanetz &amp; Fink
Lankler Siffert
Latham &amp; Watkins
Levi &amp; Korsinsky
Lewis Brisbois
Linklaters
Milbank Tweed
Morvillo Abramowitz
Native American Rights Fund
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
O'Neill &amp; Borges
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Proskauer Rose
Ray Quinney
Reed Smith
Schiff Hardin
Sepulvado Maldonado
Seward &amp; Kissel
Shearman &amp; Sterling
Sher Tremonte
Simpson Thacher
Skadden
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
Stites &amp; Harbison
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
The Chandra Law Firm

EFTA00032624

phone networks through serial acquisitions and exclusionary tactics. Read full article »

BANKRUPTCY

# Revised Puerto Rico Sales Tax Plan Cleared For Creditor Vote

A plan to restructure nearly $18 billion in debt carried by the Puerto Rico Sales Tax Corp., or COFINA, will go to a creditor vote, the judge presiding over the U.S. territory's bankruptcy-like proceedings ruled Tuesday, putting the agency on track to confirm its debt adjustment scheme by mid-January. Read full article »

# Provant Creditors File Ch. 11 Clawback Over $2M Transfer

The official committee of unsecured creditors of Provant Health has sued a group of company equity owners, claiming they improperly transferred more than $2 million from the company to avoid their guaranty obligations. Read full article »

BANKING

# OCC Says NY Still Jumping The Gun On Fintech Charter Suit

No one has yet applied for or received a fintech charter from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and that undercuts the latest attempt by New York's financial services regulator to block the charter in court, counsel for the office told a Manhattan federal judge. Read full article »

TAX

# NJ Atty Makes Coy Push For Lead In Danish Tax Fraud MDL

Cryptic concerns about international criminal investigations were not enough Tuesday to secure New Jersey attorney John M. Hanamirian a leadership role defending hundreds of American pension plans against multidistrict litigation accusing them of cheating Danish tax authorities, a Manhattan federal judge said in court. Read full article »

IMMIGRATION

# Michael Cohen-Linked Atty Found Guilty Of Asylum Fraud

An immigration lawyer linked to President Donald Trump's former attorney Michael Cohen was found guilty of lying on more than 100 asylum applications to immigration authorities and aggravated identity theft following a two-week trial, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York said Monday. Read full article »

ENERGY &amp; ENVIRONMENTAL

# States, Dem Legislators Back Monument Suits Against Trump

Democratic lawmakers and several states urged a D.C. federal court Monday to hear out challenges by environmental groups and tribes to President Donald Trump's decision to shrink national monuments in Utah, joining a host of others questioning Trump's authority under the Antiquities Act. Read full article »

REAL ESTATE &amp; DEVELOPMENT

# Siemens Accuses NYC Of 'Reckless Conduct' In $143M Suit

New York City owes a Siemens AG unit at least $143 million for "grossly negligent and reckless conduct" during the construction of a water treatment plant in the Bronx, the company said in a state lawsuit filed Monday. Read full article »

Weiser Law Firm PC

White &amp; Case

Williams &amp; Connolly

Willkie Farr

Winston &amp; Strawn

Wollmuth Maher

# COMPANIES

Altice SA

Altice USA

Amazon.com Inc.

American Airlines Group Inc.

Association on American Indian Affairs

BB&amp;T Corporation

BC Partners

BNP Paribas

Bank of America Corporation

Barclays Investment Bank

Center for Biological Diversity

Citigroup Inc.

Conference of State Bank Supervisors

Credit Agricole SA

Deer Consumer Products Inc.

Defenders of Wildlife

Deutsche Bank AG

Expedia Inc.

Foot Locker Inc.

Garda World Security Corp.

Goldman Sachs Group Inc.

HighQ Solutions Ltd.

Hooper Holmes, Inc

Information Security Forum Ltd.

Information Systems Security Association

Investcorp Bank BSC

JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.

Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.

Man Group PLC

McMahon &amp; Associates CPAs

Morgan Stanley

NASDAQ OMX Group Inc.

NFL Enterprises LLC

National Congress of American Indians

National Parks Conservation Association

National Trust for Historic Preservation

Natural Resources Defense Council

EFTA00032625

Real Estate Rumors: Palmcorp, Wells And Goldman, Redwood
Palmcorp Development has reportedly landed nearly $14 million in financing for a project to build single-family homes in Miami, Wells and Goldman are said to have loaned a combined $156 million for a New York retail and residential building, and Redwood Partners has reportedly bought a Long Beach, California, office campus for $60.5 million. Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

Emerging Cybersecurity Threats In The Legal Industry
Predicting how the cybersecurity landscape will develop is critical for any organization wanting to mitigate the risk of the inevitable future attack. Michael Hall of HighQ Solutions Ltd. discusses five threats to look out for in the next 12 months. Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

BigLaw Firms Take Cravath's Cue On Holiday Bonuses
Shortly after Cravath Swaine &amp; Moore LLP's announcement that the firm would dole out end-of-year bonuses to associates in line with previous years, a smattering of BigLaw firms pronounced Tuesday that they would follow suit. Read full article »

Akerman's Ex-CEO Back In Leadership Role After Shakeup
Akerman LLP's newest chairman and CEO has ended his term after fewer than 10 months, and his predecessor has stepped in to resume his old post, the Florida-based firm announced on Monday. Read full article »

Baker McKenzie Is Strongest Brand In Mainland Europe
Baker McKenzie is the law firm best positioned to take advantage of rising legal spending in Europe, according to a survey released Tuesday by London research firm Acritas. Read full article »

Lewis Brisbois Attys Threatened With Jail For Order Breach
A Dallas judge has threatened to jail a representative of security company GardaWorld and attorneys at Lewis Brisbois for refusing to turn over GPS data for a truck involved in a fatal collision. Read full article »

Legal Industry Lags In AI, Machine Learning Use
A recent survey by analytics firm RELX Group found that the legal industry lags behind other industries in utilizing big data, artificial intelligence and machine learning in their work, with legal industry executives also much more skeptical of the potential use for AI in their field. Read full article »

Law Firm Leaders: Schiff Hardin's Marci Eisenstein
Marci Eisenstein, the first woman managing partner of Chicago-based Schiff Hardin LLP, spoke to Law360 about the changing business of law, the challenges facing the legal industry and how her firm works to distinguish itself in an increasingly competitive market. Read full article »

JOBS
Search full listings or advertise your job opening

Associate Attorney
Marks O'Neill O'Brien Doherty &amp; Kelly PC
New York, New York

NYC*Corp*Assoc*Mid-sized*Lifestyle
Schoen Legal Search
NYC, New York

Employment Associate / NY mid-size law firm
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

L&amp;E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm
Schoen Legal Search
New York City, New York

New York Post
PGA TOUR Inc.
RBC Capital Markets
Reed Elsevier
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets
Siemens AG
Sierra Club
SmartHeat Inc.
Spirit Airlines Inc.
TD Securities Inc.
The Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
The Priceline Group Inc.
The Wilderness Society
Travelocity.com LP
Vereit Inc.
WeWork LLC
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.
World Anti-Doping Agency

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
European Union
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Hopi Tribe
Internal Revenue Service
Navajo Nation
New York State Department of Financial Services
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Supreme Court
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York
Ute Indian Tribe
Ute Mountain Ute Tribe

EFTA00032626

EFTA00032627

Labor &amp; Employment Associate
Epstein Becker &amp; Green, PC
New York, New York

Corporate Associate (New York Office)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
New York, New York

Legal Administrative Assistant - College Graduate
Filcro Legal
New York, New York

Environmental Litigation Associate – New York Office
Beveridge &amp; Diamond, P.C.
New York, New York

Legal Secretary - $80,000
Filcro Legal
New York, New York

Mergers and Acquisitions Debt Finance Paralegal
Filcro Legal
New York, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011