From

To

Subject: Re: good morning

Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 15:47:22 +0000

Thanks.

- I think I knew that [redacted] were handling that.
- I'm supposed to make arrangements to speak with [redacted] (eally just to say goodbye), but I can discuss CIDs with him too.
- Always happy to talk.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Jul 6, 2020, at 11:38 AM, [redacted] wrote:
&gt; [redacted] (before she went out on leave) have been handling the trust-related issues.
&gt; [redacted]

&gt; I will take advantage of your wisdom as much as possible during the next two weeks. FYI, I received an email at the end of last week from [redacted] letting me know that he is now handling CIDs. (I have not sent him any yet.)
&gt; [redacted]

&gt; ---Original Message---

&gt; From: [redacted]

&gt; Sent: Monday, July 06, 2020 10:42 AM

&gt; To: [redacted]

&gt; Sub: [redacted]

&gt; —Glad to hear that all is quiet.

&gt; —Who from the Civil Division will be assigned to deal with Epstein trust-related matters?
&gt; [redacted]

&gt; —You're kind to say so, but once you've given notice, it's better to leave sooner rather than later. Subject to what [redacted] have to say, my tentative departure date is two weeks from today (July 20). I obviously would be happy to discuss things Civil (or to review proposed CIDs) at any point until then.

&gt; —My weekend was quiet. Pretty uneventful. Not unlike most other days except that I pretty much stayed away from email.

&gt; Sent from my iPhone

&gt;&gt; On Jul 6, 2020, at 10:32 AM, [redacted] wrote:
&gt;&gt; Thanks. All is quiet on my end. We are having a call with [redacted] today at 1:15 to discuss Epstein trust-related matters.
&gt;&gt;

EFTA00032045

&gt;&gt; I was thinking about you this morning and hoping that your departure date would not be too soon.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; How was your weekend?
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt;&gt; From
&gt;&gt; Sent: Monday, July 06, 2020 10:24 AM
&gt;&gt; To:
&gt;&gt; Subject: good morning
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Good morning. I hope that you had a nice weekend — and were able to take a break from running(!). Any news of note? None on my end. I’m hoping to speak with today to sort out the logistics of my departure. And more stuff along those lines.
&gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00032046