From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)"
Cc: " " " " " "

Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 22:28:30 +0000
Attachments: Defense_Reply_to_Dkt_350.pdf; 2021.10.15_Decision_re_Legal_Mail_.pdf

Attaching the defense's letter reply and Judge Nathan's endorsement to our letter declining to enter the requested order, but setting forth her "firm expectation" that a defendant in a pre-trial posture like GM will "in most circumstances receive legal mail within approximately 1 business day" and allowing the defense to renew the request "if another delay occurs."

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM
Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 5:55 PM
To:  &lt; &gt;;  &lt; &gt;;  (USANYS) &lt; &gt;;
Cc: Christian Everdell  &lt;;&lt;; Laura Menninger  &gt;; Jeff Pagliuca

Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Good afternoon-
Attached is a courtesy copy of today's ECF filing.
Bobbi

Please note my new office address and preferred email address:

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
New York, NY 10007

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

On Oct 14, 2021, at 7:46 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> wrote:

EFTA00032797</bcsternheim@mac.com>

Good evening-
Attached is a courtesy copy of this evening's ECF filing.
Bobbi

EFTA00032798