EFTA00032235

From: " " " " " " " " "
To: " " " " " " " " "
Subject: RE: Richardson
Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 16:21:45 +0000

No worries. I'll swing by to be a fly on the wall for this one.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:19 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Richardson

Ugh, I have, I'm sorry I didn't advise. I spoke to Jeff on Sunday afternoon and I hadn't thought about it this week – I told him that anyone we don't have reason to know has no exposure (witness), or believe does have exposure (target), would be a subject, and that with respect to Richardson we didn't currently intend to subpoena or request to speak with him and that there weren't specific allegations against him for which we were currently seeking a response, but that an attorney proffer would be useful about any knowledge he has regarding the charged conduct. I further said that if we wanted to speak with Richardson going forward we'd go through counsel. I have contemporaneous notes and just spoke to [REDACTED], and I'm going to call [REDACTED] now to correct his apparent mis-recollection of our conversation.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:08
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: FW: Richardson

I've never spoken to anyone who represents Bill Richardson. Have you guys? Am I missing something?

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:05 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: FW: Richardson

Has anyone talked to Jeff Brown and is this accurate?

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 12:01 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Richardson

Richardson has given the following statement to the press, true and accurate?:

Governor Bill Richardson offered his assistance in the Jeffrey Epstein investigation - through his lawyer, Jeff Brown of Dechert LLP - to the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In response to this offer, Mr. Brown was informed

by the Assistant US Attorney responsible for the case that Governor Richardson is neither a target, subject, nor witness in the case and that there is no allegation against Governor Richardson that the government is actively investigating.

"It's fair to conclude that the federal prosecutors investigating this matter do not believe the Governor participated in or witnessed the criminal activity Jeffrey Epstein is alleged to have committed," said Mr. Brown.

Governor Richardson hopes that the investigation continues so that Epstein's victims can finally have their day in court and see the justice they deserve.

Public Affairs
United States Department of Justice
U.S. Attorney's Office | Southern District of New York

EFTA00032236