EFTA00032290

From: Jenna Dabbs
To: " " " "
Cc: Alex Conlon &lt; &lt; " " " "
Subject: Re: Epstein
Date: Sun, 11 Aug 2019 01:53:01 +0000

We appreciate the offer of support for [REDACTED] has been in touch with her several times today and, as you might expect, she is experiencing a lot of different emotions. We will stay on top of it, I know she has already been in touch with support folks at FBI, and will certainly circle up with you if need be.

Best,
Jenna

Get Outlook for iOS

From: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:18:59 PM
To: Jenna Dabbs
Cc: Alex Conlon &lt; [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;;
Subject: RE: Epstein

Jenna,

It was very shocking news, particularly given the entirety of the circumstances. And we appreciate the kind words, particularly given your experience—that’s very kind and it’s meaningful to hear.

In terms of initial substantive questions, unfortunately I think we won’t have robust answers quite yet—right now we don’t have any additional information on civil forfeiture in particular, and I also don’t know what if any options there are for us in terms of restitution (separate from the civil context). With respect to the investigation, we’re not in a position to talk about specific possible paths forward, but we can say, consistent with a brief statement our Office put out this afternoon, that the investigation remains ongoing—and in the coming days we can talk with more particularity about what that might mean for [REDACTED] in particular. In the meantime, though, in terms of [REDACTED] herself, we’re continuing to try to see if there are immediate options for resources in the next 24 hours, but even if we are not able to do so tomorrow, certainly on Monday at the latest you and/or she can be in touch with our Office’s specialists and/or the FBI folks. We certainly want her to have any support that would be useful, and we are happy to stay in touch about that—please let us know especially if you think her situation is, or becomes, an emergency.

Thank you again,

From: Jenna Dabbs &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 09:50
To: [REDACTED] &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;; &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;;
Cc: Alex Conlon &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;;
Subject: Epstein

We were certainly saddened to see the news this morning, as I know all of you were. I appreciate that you have more

pressing issues to deal with at the moment, but we are interested in whether you expect any aspect of the SDNY's investigation/case to continue, potentially a separate civil forfeiture proceeding, or possible criminal prosecutions against other defendants. We also understand that you may not be in a position to tell us anything at the moment, which is fine. Just anticipating and preparing for questions we expect to be asked. Separately, having had the experience of a defendant in a case I charged commit suicide, I wanted to add that it can be a complicated feeling, and to the extent it is helpful, I think you brought a really important case and conducted yourselves in a professional, compassionate and impressive way. So despite sad news, and frustrating news after putting so much work into filing a case and preparing to see it through, heads should be held high.

Best,

Jenna

Jenna Dabbs | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

350 Fifth Avenue | Suite 7110

New York, New York 10118

(W)

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00032291