From: " " )" &lt;---&gt;
To: " " )" &lt;---&gt;, " " (USANYS)"

Subject: FW: Letter re: Briefing Schedule
Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 16:57:40 +0000
Attachments: 2020.12.04_Letter_to_Judge_Nathan_re_Briefing_Schedule.DOCX
Inline-Images: image005.jpg; image006.jpg

Fine with me. Any issues on your end?

From: Christian Everdell &lt;---&gt;
Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 11:44 AM
To: " " ) &lt;---&gt;; " " ) &lt;---&gt;; " )
(USANYS) &lt;---&gt;;
Cc: Mark S. Cohen &lt;---&gt;; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' &lt;---&gt;
Subject: Letter re: Briefing Schedule

[Redacted], [Redacted] and [Redacted]

Attached is a draft of the letter to Judge Nathan regarding the briefing schedule. Unless you have any comments, we will send it to the judge in the next hour or so.

Thanks,

Chris

Christian R Everdell

# COHEN &amp; GRESSER LLP

800 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022

[Redacted] | view bio
www.cohengresser.com

New York | Paris | Washington DC | London

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this e-mail may be confidential and/or privileged. This e-mail is intended to be reviewed initially by only the individual named above. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or a representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by telephone and permanently delete this e-mail. Thank you.

PRIVACY: A complete copy of our privacy policy can be viewed at: https://www.cohengresser.com/privacy-policy.

EFTA00031952