From: Thomas Brown <br/>
To: " <br/>
Cc: " <br/>
" <br/>
Subject: Computer Forensics - Budget Estimate
Date: Tue, 23 Jun 2020 20:29:21 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.png

To follow up on our conversation late last week, here is an estimate that covers the scope of work that we discussed.

Here is what I would suggest as a statement of work:

Specific deliverables known at this time include receiving, inventorying and forensically processing approximately 57 devices (a mix of computer hard drives, mobile devices, and portable media); extracting and parsing relevant data from those devices (parsing may involve, for example, review of backups, compressed files or other data that is not initially categorized by forensic tools); creating Relativity load files; preparing summaries and analyses of the data; and briefing the investigative team on the contractor's findings.

As to staffing the engagement, I would propose having two junior-level staff members conduct the review, to be supervised and assisted as necessary by a senior staff member (a former FBI computer scientist). A managing director would have overall responsibility for the project and would coordinate with SDNY.

As to timing: we are available to start work immediately. Estimated time to complete the engagement would be 30 days (or less).

As to a budget, I would estimate between $85,000 to $135,000 as follows:

|  Position | Rate | Est. Hours (Low) | Fees | Est. Hours (High) | Est. Fees  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Director | $ 603.00 | 50 | $ 30,150.00 | 75 | $ 45,225.00  |
|  Staff | $ 356.00 | 150 | $ 53,400.00 | 250 | $ 89,000.00  |
|   |  | Total | $ 83,550.00 | Total | $ 134,225.00  |

In addition to the foregoing hourly fees, we charge $200 per blank hard drive and $45 per blank thumb drive, to the extent they are required; as well as a fixed fee of $500 per device image (basically an equipment and software recovery fee for the specialized tools we use for forensics).

Thank you again for considering us for this important matter.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Best regards,

Tom

Thomas Brown | Managing Director

Berkeley Research Group, LLC

| New York, NY 10019

| thinkbrg.com

EFTA00032026

BRG

BERKELEY RESEARCH GROUP, LLC (TOGETHER WITH ITS AFFILIATES, "BRG") - NOTICE

THIS EMAIL TRANSMISSION AND ANY ATTACHMENTS HERETO CONTAIN INFORMATION FROM BRG WHICH MAY BE CONFIDENTIAL AND PRIVILEGED. THE INFORMATION IS INTENDED FOR THE SOLE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHOM IT IS ADDRESSED. IF YOU ARE NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOUR USE, DISSEMINATION, FORWARDING, PRINTING OR COPYING OF THIS INFORMATION IS PROHIBITED.

TAX ADVICE DISCLOSURE

ANY TAX ADVICE CONTAINED IN THIS COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ANY ATTACHMENTS) IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF (I) AVOIDING PENALTIES UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OR (II) PROMOTING, MARKETING OR RECOMMENDING TO ANOTHER PARTY ANY TRANSACTION OR MATTER ADDRESSED HEREIN.

BRG IS (I) NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL ADVICE AND (II) NOT A CPA FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE AUDIT, ATTEST OR PUBLIC ACCOUNTING SERVICES.

EFTA00032027