From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Ex-Braskem Exec Granted $30M Bail In Bribery Case
Date: Fri, 13 Dec 2019 09:13:45 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR
Friday, December 13, 2019
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Ex-Braskem Exec Granted $30M Bail In Bribery Case

The former CEO of Brazilian oil company Braskem satisfied a reluctant magistrate judge on Thursday that cash and investments worth about $30 million, or around half his wealth, will be enough to ensure he appears in Brooklyn to face charges of conspiring to bribe officials in his home country.
Read full article »

## House Panel Subpoena For Trump Docs Invalid, Justices Told

A House committee's subpoena for President Donald Trump's financial records should be invalidated because the request was made outside Congress' authority and poses constitutional concerns that warrant review by the U.S. Supreme Court, Trump's attorneys told the court Thursday.
Brief attached | Read full article »

## HP Accuses Autonomy CEO Of Repeated Lies At Trial

Autonomy founder Mike Lynch repeatedly lied in his retelling of events leading up to Hewlett-Packard's ill-fated acquisition of his software firm, HP's lawyer told a London judge as the trial over the technology giant's $5 billion fraud claim wound down Thursday.
Read full article »

## 10 Former NFL Players Charged In Medical Benefits Fraud

Ten former NFL players including ex-Washington Redskins running back Clinton Portis have been indicted in Kentucky federal court on charges they defrauded an NFL health plan out of more than $3.4 million.
2 documents attached | Read full article »

## Feds Say 'Varsity Blues' Dad Isn't Being Denied Evidence

A former casino executive has all he needs to defend himself against charges he bribed his daughter's way into college, federal prosecutors said Wednesday as they pushed back against a claim that they are withholding FBI reports that could help show his innocence in the "Varsity Blues" case.
1 document attached | Read full article »

## MVP: Kaplan Hecker's Sean Hecker

Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP's Sean Hecker earned a rare acquittal of market manipulation allegations against a Barclays trader, and he's helped build a robust white collar practice at his emerging boutique firm, earning him a spot as one of Law360's 2019 White Collar MVPs.
Read full article »

Law360 Pro Say Podcast
Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS

4 Stone Buildings
BakerHostetler
Black Srebnick
Blackstone Chambers
Blank Rome
Boies Schiller
Buckley King
Campbell &amp; Williams
Clarence Dyer
Clifford Chance
Consovoy McCarthy
Davenport Evans
Epstein Becker Green
Essex Court Chambers
Foley &amp; Lardner
Fountain Court Chambers
Freeman Mathis
Hirsch &amp; Westheimer
Hunton Andrews Kurth
Irell &amp; Manella
Jackson Lewis
Jenner &amp; Block
John H. Haskin &amp; Associates

EFTA00032947</fcel>

EFTA00032948

# SECURITIES

## Shopin CEO Cops To $42.5M Fraudulent Crypto Offering

The CEO of online retail platform Shopin pled guilty to securities fraud for a cryptocurrency scheme in which he lied to investors about the company and held a $42.5 million unregistered initial coin offering, the New York attorney general's office announced Thursday.

Read full article »

## Rabobank Sues Ex-Trader For Exit Package Over Libor Fight

Rabobank has demanded that a former trader repay a £119,000 ($157,000) exit package that he allegedly violated by suing the Dutch lender for not coming to his defense when U.S. prosecutors charged him with rigging a key benchmark interest rate.

Read full article »

## LEGAL ETHICS

## Exonerated Texas Judge Fights For Spot On 2020 Ballot

A former Texas state judge who was exonerated of bribery and money laundering convictions in 2017 is looking to the state's highest court for help to get on the March 2020 primary ballot.

Petition attached | Read full article »

## Ex-Court Worker Gets 2 Years For Lying In Pay-To-Play Probe

An Illinois federal judge on Thursday gave a former associate clerk with the Cook County Circuit Court two years in prison for lying to a grand jury, saying if people believe they are above the rule of law, "the entire foundation of our democracy grinds to a halt."

Read full article »

## HEALTH

## Judge Urges Gov't, Esformes To Work Out Atty Fee Deal

A Florida federal judge on Thursday urged prosecutors and attorneys for convicted nursing home mogul Philip Esformes to work together on an agreement to unfreeze certain assets to cover millions in unpaid legal bills from Esformes' trial to avoid a complicated legal battle over what fee amount is reasonable.

Read full article »

## GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

## Biz Manager Gets 2½ Years Over $2.2M DOD Parts Scam

A California man was sentenced to 2½ years in federal prison for his part in a scheme to sell the U.S. Department of Defense $2.2 million worth of defective parts for military weapons systems, the U.S. District Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Ohio announced Thursday.

Read full article »

## TAX

## Businessmen Can't Quash Citi Subpoena In Tax Privacy Case

Two Texas businessmen cannot quash a government subpoena seeking clarification on whether Citibank possessed their tax information because it may shed light on their suit alleging the information was unlawfully disclosed by the IRS, a South Dakota federal court ruled.

Order attached | Read full article »

Kaplan Hecker
Kerr Russell
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Krieger Kim &amp; Lewin
Latham &amp; Watkins
LeClairRyan
Lewis Brisbois
Michael Best
Michelmores LLP
Milbank LLP
Modus Law
Morgan Lewis
Nixon Peabody
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Paul Weiss
Quinn Emanuel
Robbins Russell
Robinson Curley
Scott H. Palmer PC
Simmons &amp; Simmons
Tache Bronis
Travers Smith
Welsh &amp; Recker
Williams &amp; Connolly
Willkie Farr
Wright Close

## COMPANIES

American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees
Bed Bath &amp; Beyond Inc.
Braskem SA
CRST International Inc.
Cigna Corp.
Citigroup Inc.
Credit Suisse Group AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Ethereum GmbH
Exxon Mobil Corp.
Google Inc.
Greyhound Lines Inc.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co.
Industria de Diseno Textil SA
Ironshore Inc.
MGM Resorts International
Mazars USA LLP
NantKwest Inc.
National Football League Players Association
Pac-12 Enterprises LLC
Petrobras

SPORTS &amp; BETTING

# NFL Players Union Accused Of Harassing Agent

An NFL player agent is suing the NFL Players Association for $2.8 million, claiming he's lost all his clients and future prospects after the association harassed him and ruined his reputation over criminal charges that were dismissed.

1 document attached | Read full article »

# CONSUMER PROTECTION

## Pa. AG, Temple Reach Deal On Online MBA Rating Inflation

Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro announced on Thursday that Philadelphia-based Temple University had signed a deal to resolve claims the university's business school knowingly used false data to boost the rankings of its online MBA program.

Read full article »

# LEGAL INDUSTRY

## Boies Schiller Names New Generation Of Leaders

Legal powerhouse Boies Schiller Flexner LLP has put forward two partners to potentially take over the firm from its founders, including famous litigator David Boies, the firm confirmed on Thursday.

Read full article »

## Tesla's 3rd General Counsel In A Year Leaves Automaker

In yet another general counsel shakeup this year, Tesla Inc.'s top lawyer and a longtime insider has left the electric automaker after just 10 months in the role, moving on to lead the legal team at an artificial intelligence company, the startup announced Thursday.

Read full article »

## Latham &amp; Watkins Launches Free Onsite Health Clinic

Latham &amp; Watkins LLP has opened an onsite clinic at its downtown Los Angeles office, which offers both physical and mental health care options for free to employees, the firm announced on Thursday.

Read full article »

## 3 Tips For Women Who Want To Argue At The Supreme Court

Women should think outside the billable-hour box and assert themselves more to land opportunities to argue before the U.S. Supreme Court, according to members of a panel who discussed the issue Thursday in Chicago.

Read full article »

## Hotelier Seeks $28M Deal Outside LeClairRyan's Ch. 7

A Virginia hotel operator and former LeClairRyan PLLC client wants out of the automatic stay in the defunct firm's bankruptcy proceedings so it can go after LeClairRyan for $28 million and resolve a malpractice suit lodged before the bankruptcy, according to a motion filed Thursday.

Read full article »

## Wis. Bar Dodges 1st Amendment Fight Over Mandatory Dues

A Wisconsin federal judge has tossed a lawsuit by two lawyers who objected to paying dues to the state's bar association, the latest case where attorneys are challenging the requirement on First Amendment grounds.

Read full article »

Protect Democracy Project Inc.
Rabobank
Rolls-Royce
State Bar of California
State Bar of Wisconsin
Systemax Inc.
Temple University
Tesla Inc.
The Princeton Review Inc.
Vinmar International Ltd.
Washington Redskins
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.
Wynn Resorts Ltd.

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Financial Conduct Authority
Illinois Attorney General's Office
Internal Revenue Service
National Transportation Safety Board
New York Attorney General's Office
Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office
Securities and Exchange Commission
Texas Supreme Court
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
U.S. Department of Defense
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Supreme Court
United States District Court for the District of South Dakota
United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio
United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin

EFTA00032949

EFTA00032950

# Law360's Weekly Verdict: Legal Lions &amp; Lambs

Paul Weiss locked down a spot on the legal lions list this week with a favorable decision for ExxonMobil in a landmark climate change-related investor fraud case, while a $20 million verdict against Greyhound landed Lewis Brisbois on the week's legal lambs list.

Read full article »

## Podcast

# Law360's The Term: The Gov't May Owe ACA Insurers Billions

On this week's episode of Law360's The Term, the team dives into the high court's latest Affordable Care Act case: a $12 billion fight between the government and health insurers.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

**Trademark Lawyer - Toronto**
Smart &amp; Biggar
Toronto, -

**White Collar &amp; Investigations Associate**
**Attorney - Midlevel**
Perkins Coie LLP
Seattle, Washington

**Mid-sized White Plains firm seeks municipal government associate**
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York

**Real Estate Associate - (Newark, NJ Office)**
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
Newark, New Jersey

**White Plains boutique seeks associate litigator (3-7 yrs)**
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011