From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To:

Cc: " )"

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 18:03:03 +0000

Attachments: 2021.10.19_Order_re_October_21_Teleconference.pdf

Thanks very much, . You and can access tomorrow's conference by calling and dialing access code . Per the attached order from the Court, to the extent others would like to access the conference, they should use the public dial-in provided in the Court's order ( and using access code ).

Thanks,

From:

Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 11:11 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc:

Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

Yes my apologies. will call from her cell . I will call from

Get Outlook for iOS

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 9:06:32 AM

To:

Cc:

Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

, can you please send along the phone numbers that you and will be using to call into the conference? We need to provide those to the court. Thanks very much.

On Oct 18, 2021, at 5:39 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Thanks, . Can you please let us know the phone numbers from which you both will be calling for the conference this week? We will get back to you on your question about the November 1 conference.

Thanks for reaching out about additional meeting times. I will circle back to you with some dates that work for us to meet with .

Thanks so much,

On Oct 18, 2021, at 3:34 PM, wrote:

EFTA00032799

Hello — both myself and — would like to be on by phone for the October 21st hearing. — will not be able to be in NYC on November 1st and she is wondering if there will be a phone option for that hearing as well?

also asked if you could give her some dates for additional prep times so she can be ready for the trial. I told her you are of course very busy right now but I am sure will work in some times to meet.

Thank you,

Partner

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Wednesday, October 13, 2021 11:07 PM

To:

Cc: ) &lt;

Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

I hope all is well. There are two upcoming court appearances in this case: a teleconference on October 21 at 12 pm EST and an in-person pretrial conference on November 1 at 11 am. Can you please let us know tomorrow if plans to listen to the October 21 teleconference? Can you also please let us know if she plans to attend the November 1 in-person conference?

I'm happy to give you a call tomorrow if there's anything you would like to discuss.

Thanks very much,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel:

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00032800