From: " " ) &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: RE:

Date: Wed, 21 Aug 2019 18:02:58 +0000

Your door is shut but I'm around anytime.

From: [redacted]

Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 14:00

To: [redacted] (USANYS) &lt; [redacted] &gt;

Subject: FW: RE:

I'll come chat with you – this is the proposed correction.

From: Brown, Jeffrey &lt; [redacted] &gt;

Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 13:20

To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;

Subject: Re: RE:

Governor Bill Richardson offered his assistance in the Jeffrey Epstein investigation through his lawyer, Jeff Brown of Dechert LLP, to the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In response to this offer, Mr. Brown was informed by the Assistant US Attorney responsible for the case that Governor Richardson is neither a target, subject, nor witness in the case and that there is no allegation against Governor Richardson about which the government is seeking a response from Gov. Richardson at this time.

“It’s fair to conclude that the federal prosecutors investigating this matter do not believe at this time the Governor participated in or witnessed the criminal activity Jeffrey Epstein is alleged to have committed,” said Mr. Brown.

Furthermore, Governor Richardson has never been contacted by any party to a lawsuit involving Epstein, nor by any law enforcement investigating Epstein. Governor Richardson hopes that the investigation continues so that Epstein’s victims can finally have their day in court and see the justice they deserve.

Jeffrey Brown
Dechert LLP
1095 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036

[redacted]

Direct: [redacted]

Fax: [redacted]

On Aug 21, 2019, at 1:12 PM, [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt; wrote: [redacted]

EFTA00032920

Hey no attachment, please re-send? Thanks.

From: Brown, Jeffrey &lt;&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 13:00
To: &lt;&gt;
Subject:

☐ is this the edit you are looking for? I apologize again for this.

Jeffrey Brown
Dechert LLP
1095 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036
Direct: ☐
Fax: ☐

This e-mail is from Dechert LLP, a law firm, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please notify the sender and delete the e-mail and any attachments. Thank you.

This e-mail is from Dechert LLP, a law firm, and may contain information that is confidential or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy or distribute the e-mail or any attachments. Instead, please notify the sender and delete the e-mail and any attachments. Thank you.

EFTA00032921