EFTA00032493

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: RE: travel approval request
Date: Fri, 24 May 2019 23:21:27 +0000
Importance: Normal

☐ -- I have previously-scheduled travel to San Francisco next Thursday for a wedding, and the way our victims have asked to schedule our meetings for our Florida trip, there's no flight back to New York after we expect the interviews to end on Wednesday (so I couldn't get back to NYC to catch my Thursday morning flight). Is it permissible for me to just book the second leg of the work trip straight to San Francisco, rather than back to New York? I'd have to take a 5:30 a.m. flight but that way we could do the interviews with all the victims we'd like to meet with. Sorry for any inconvenience but wanted to check – thank you!

From: _________________________
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 16:01
To: _________________________
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thanks ☐ – have a great weekend.

From: _________________________
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 15:55
To: _________________________
Cc: _________________________; _________________________
Subject: Re: travel approval request

All approved.

Sent from my iPad

On May 24, 2019, at 2:57 PM, _________________________ wrote: _________________________

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows).

Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either be me and _________________________ or _________________________ and _________________________, but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please.

thanks very much, _________________________.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57
To:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thank you

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, [redacted] wrote:

For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, [redacted] and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much.

From:
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32
To:
Cc:
Subject: travel approval request

[redacted] and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on Saturday.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always.

[redacted]
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00032494