From: Access to Justice Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: The $4.3B Question Over What Terrorist Victims Can Recoup  |
| --- |</news-alt@law360.com>

Subject: The $4.3B Question Over What Terrorist Victims Can Recoup
Date: Mon, 24 Feb 2020 12:41:26 +0000

Law36
0 Access to Justice

Getting started
0
Access to Justice

Getty-A2J-Kenya.jpg

# The $4.3B Question Over What Terrorist Victims Can Recoup

The U.S. Supreme Court during oral arguments on Monday will be asked to create a clearer path to punitive damages in certain cases involving state sponsors of terrorism. It's just the latest chapter in a case that highlights the decadeslong legal battles that terrorist victims and their families often face in trying to recoup damages.

[Read full article](Read full article)

# Analysis

## Ex-Felons In Fla. Race Against Clock To Vote In 2020

Former felons in the Sunshine State who are fighting a requirement that they pay all outstanding fines and fees before being able to vote may have scored a recent win at the Eleventh Circuit, but with just eight months to go before the general election and the state vowing to battle on, time may be running out for them to cast a ballot in 2020.

[Read full article](Read full article)

# Analysis

## ABA Says Industry Regs Need A Rethink, But Will It Matter?

The passage of a revised American Bar Association resolution intended to encourage a new look at legal industry regulation and increase access to justice represents a major step forward, even in the absence of any recommended changes on nonlawyer participation in the market, some experts say.

[Read full article](Read full article)

# How Attys Can Help Dismantle The School-To-Prison Pipeline

As the rise of school shootings spurs an increase in spending on school police officers, experts at a recent conference said students need more due process protections when those officers handle routine disciplinary matters: Police

Monday, February 24, 2020

LAW FIRMS

BakerHostetler

Boies Schiller

Castillo Snyder

Clark Hill

Cooper &amp; Kirk

Cowles &amp; Thompson

Culhane Meadows

DLA Piper

Dentons

Epstein Becker Green

Fish &amp; Richardson

Gibson Dunn

Greenberg Traurig

Greenspoon Marder

Howarth &amp; Smith

Hunton Andrews Kurth

Jenner &amp; Block

Jones Day

Kaplan Hecker

Kellogg Hansen

Kirkland &amp; Ellis

Latham &amp; Watkins

Loeb &amp; Loeb

Martin Clearwater

Mayer Brown

Miller &amp; Chevalier

Morgan Lewis

Munger Tolles

Neligan LLP

EFTA00032303

involvement, they said, should mean attorney involvement too.
Read full article

## Coin Toss: Are Risk-Measuring Tools Accurate Enough?

Most of the algorithms used to assess someone's risk of recidivism before they are released on bail are correct about 60 and 70% of the time — better than a coin flip, but still prone to misclassification, especially in cases that involve people of color. The tools' potential for error has left stakeholders clashing over their use.
Read full article

## Debt-Based License Suspensions Get Fresh Scrutiny In NY

New York lawmakers are taking a closer look at doing away with driver's license suspensions based on debt, which a New York Law School report this month determined disproportionately impacts minority motorists.
Read full article

## All Access

### Homeboy Industries' Harati On Giving People A Fresh Start

As the director of legal services for LA-based Homeboy Industries, Donna Harati helps former gang members and convicted felons rejoin society by working with them on expungements, custody disputes and more. Here, Harati discusses traffic fines, trauma and finding reasons to smile during tough situations.
Read full article

## Perspectives

### Justice Denied For A NY Domestic Violence Survivor

New York's Domestic Violence Survivors Justice Act was enacted to reduce sentences for people like Nicole Addimando, who was just given 19 years to life in prison for killing her sadistically abusive partner, so the court's failure to apply it here raises the question of whether it will be applied at all, say Ross Kramer and Nicole Fidler at Sanctuary for Families.
Read full article

## Perspectives

### Book Review: A Lawyer Reflects On Defending Guilty People

In her new book, "Guilty People," Abbe Smith successfully conveys that seeing ourselves in people who commit crime may be the first step to exacting change in our justice system, says U.S. District Judge Diane Humetewa of the District of Arizona.
Read full article

Patterson Belknap
Paul Weiss
Proskauer Rose
Robins Kaplan
Skadden
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
White &amp; Case
WilmerHale
Winston &amp; Strawn

## COMPANIES

3M Co.
AbbVie Inc.
Acreage Holdings Inc.
Allergan PLC
Amazon.com Inc.
American Bankruptcy Institute
American Bar Association
American Civil Liberties Union
American International Group Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Campaign Legal Center
Canopy Growth Corp.
Center for Justice
Chevron Corp.
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp.
Coherus BioSciences Inc.
Exxon Mobil Corp.
Facebook Inc.
Google Inc.
ImClone Systems Inc.
Johnson &amp; Johnson
Martha Stewart Living
Omnimedia, Inc.
Morgan Stanley
Motorola Solutions Inc.
New Jersey State Bar Association
New York Civil Liberties Union

EFTA00032304

EFTA00032305

New York Law School
New York State Bar Association
New York University
Nike Inc.
Pennsylvania Bar Association
Repligen Corporation
San Francisco 49ers
Spotify Technology SA
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
The Gap Inc.
Twitter Inc.
University of Iowa
Validus Holdings Ltd.
YMCA of the USA

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
California Supreme Court
Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
Congressional Budget Office
Congressional Research Service
European Securities and Markets Authority
Federal Trade Commission
Florida Attorney General's Office
Food and Drug Administration
New Jersey Supreme Court
Ohio Supreme Court
Pennsylvania Supreme Court
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit
U.S. Department of Education
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Labor

U.S. Department of State
U.S. District Court for the
District of Arizona
U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Texas
U.S. Forest Service
U.S. Supreme Court

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.

However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032306