From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Date: Thu, 29 Nov 2018 20:53:39 +0000

Importance: Normal

I reached out [REDACTED] and left a message – will let you know when we connect.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 3:27 PM

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] &gt;;

Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] &gt;;

[REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

I think you should reach out in the first instance and then have the GS call me. We will want to see how quickly they can gather the FBI investigative file from the old case. We should think about whether there is an immediate subpoena we should cut to stake claim?

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 3:14 PM

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] &gt;;

Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; Khuzami, Robert (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] &gt;;

Subject: Re: Epstein

Agreed. [REDACTED]

On Nov 29, 2018, at 2:58 PM, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt; wrote:

My view is that we should open on this today, and bring in FBI-NY's sex crimes squad. [REDACTED], please let me know if you want me to reach out to [REDACTED], or if you prefer to call [REDACTED] (the GS who overseas the squad).

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2018 2:53 PM

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] &gt;;

Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;;&gt;; [REDACTED] &gt;;

Subject: Epstein

As discussed: https://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/article220097825.html

[REDACTED]

Chief, Public Corruption Unit

United States Attorney's Office for the

Southern District of New York

1 St. Andrew's Plaza

t. [REDACTED]

EFTA00032502