EFTA00032463

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;

Subject: RE: private and confidential
Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2021 15:10:35 +0000

is not responding to the email, so

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 2021 10:24 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: private and confidential

On that question,

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 2021 10:22 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: private and confidential

On Jul 14, 2021, at 10:18 AM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Thanks. (It's also strange because

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 14, 2021 10:12 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: private and confidential

Our thoughts exactly. As noted below, is not going to reply, but wanted you to be aware of this nonetheless.

On Jul 13, 2021, at 7:36 PM, (USANYS) &lt; wrote:

Interesting, particularly since

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, July 13, 2021 7:22 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED]
Subject: Fwd: private and confidential

FYSA.

Begin forwarded message:

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Date: July 13, 2021 at 7:17:35 PM EDT
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;, [REDACTED]
, [REDACTED]
Subject: FW: private and confidential

Following up on our conversation this afternoon, the email I mentioned is below. I also spoke with [REDACTED] (and [REDACTED]) I would have looped you in too but I know you're traveling), and she said that [REDACTED] Given that, as well as the fact of the unit's separate investigation [REDACTED] I'll [REDACTED].

thanks again,

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, July 13, 2021 12:30
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt; &lt;REDACTED&gt; &lt;REDACTED&gt; [REDACTED]
Subject: private and confidential

Dear [REDACTED],

My name [REDACTED], I served as Director of Central Intelligence from 1993 to 1995.

i believe the issue of child trafficking is extremely important. [REDACTED] who broke open the Epstein case, in July 2010 (see Daily Beast 6 part series- 2010-2015), has information she would like to provide to you.

Can she call you?

Sincerely,

EFTA00032464