From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

(USANYS) [Contractor]" <fcel>"

Subject: FW: Privileged &amp; Confidential – JPMorgan Chase

Date: Wed, 02 Sep 2020 22:57:54 +0000

Attachments: 2020-09-02_SDNY_Letter.pdf

Cover letter for the JPM production is attached, per the below.

From: [redacted]

Sent: Wednesday, September 02, 2020 18:57

To: 'Russell, Kelsey D' <fcel> [redacted]

Cc: Sahni, Anjan <fcel>; Stoddart, Allison <fcel>; Chau, Truong <fcel> [redacted]

Subject: RE: Privileged &amp; Confidential – JPMorgan Chase

Kelsey,

Received, and thanks very much. I’ll let you know if any issues with accessing the production, but should be fine. Thanks again for your continued help.

From: Russell, Kelsey D <fcel> [redacted]

Sent: Wednesday, September 02, 2020 17:26

To: [redacted]

Cc: Sahni, Anjan <fcel>; Stoddart, Allison <fcel>; Chau, Truong <fcel> [redacted]

Subject: Privileged &amp; Confidential – JPMorgan Chase

## Privileged &amp; Confidential

I hope this email finds you well. As discussed during our August 10, 2020 call, please find attached a cover letter accompanying JPMorgan’s production in response to the August 11, 2019, August 16, 2019, September 3, 2019, and October 9, 2019 grand jury subpoenas. As with previous productions, you will receive a separate email with instructions to download the production. You will receive the password under separate cover.

Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss.

Thanks very much,

Kelsey

Kelsey D Russell | WilmerHale

7 World Trade Center

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007 USA

EFTA00032213</fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel></fcel>

(t)

Please consider the environment before printing this email.

This email message and any attachments are being sent by Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, are confidential, and may be privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately—by replying to this message or by sending an email to postmaster@wilmerhale.com—and destroy all copies of this message and any attachments. Thank you.

For more information about WilmerHale, please visit us at http://www.wilmerhale.com.

EFTA00032214