From: " " &gt;" &lt;" &gt;
To: " " &gt;, " " (USANYS)"
Cc: " " &gt;, " " &gt;, " " &gt;, " " &gt;, " " &gt;
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Thu, 02 Sep 2021 19:24:03 +0000
Attachments: 127129690648.pdf

Hi

Once you’ve had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please?

Thanks,

Begin forwarded message:

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM
Date: September 2, 2021 at 3:22:42 PM EDT
To: " " &gt;" &lt;" &gt;
Cc: Christian Everdell
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

Good afternoon-

In compliance with the Court’s order, dated August 25th (attached), I hereby notify you of recent third-party interference with the “secure” Webex line used for confidential/privileged communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel.

At the conclusion of yesterday afternoon's VTC session, Ms. Maxwell observed suspicious activity on the VTC monitor.

She alerted MDC staff, and Case Manager witnessed the activity.

This is contrary to the Court’s finding that “according to the Government and MDC Legal [Ms. Maxwell]’s difficulties communicating with counsel have been resolved” and contrary to “MDC’s Legal assurances that [Ms. Maxwell]’s legal communication has not been interfered with...”

Previously, the MDC has disputed such claims concerning interference with VTC communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel.

Now, an MDC insider bears witness to complaint by Ms. Maxwell and counsel.

Please provide explanation for this interference and evidence of remediation before I report this latest problem to the Court.

Thank you-

Bobbi

EFTA00032083

*Please note my new office address and preferred email address:

Please note my new office address and preferred email address:

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
225 Broadway, Suite 715
New York, NY 10007

Main: 212-243-1100
Cell: 917-912-9698
Fax: 888-587-4737
bcsternheim@mac.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00032084