From: NYS Academy of Trial Lawyers <noreply@m.nysa.membercentral.org>

To:

Subject: Announcing the Academy's Upcoming Webinars

Date: Fri, 28 May 2021 16:14:29 +0000

|  |   |   |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  **Culture Changing Conversations for Law Firms**
June 15th (1-2 PM)
Join our experts from the mental health and legal fields as they discuss practical ways to recognize and eliminate implicit bias from your workplace.
Topics will include: the benefits of having a diverse staff, how to attract and retain employees from diverse backgrounds, engaging in workplace conversations about implicit bias and much more.
Presented By:
Andrea Bonina, Esq.
Dr. Fritz Galette
Richard Gutierrez, Esq.
Angélicque Moreno, Esq.
Lisa Schreibersdorf, Esq.
Anthony Vaughn, Esq.
1 Diversity, Inclusion and Elimination of Bias Credit
FREE for Members & Non-Members
**TO REGISTER. PLEASE CLICK HERE** | **Harnessing Neuroscience and Technology: Presenting Powerfully in Trial and Mediation**
June 22nd (1-2 PM)
Learn how to combine neuroscience principles with technology to make you more persuasive and put them into practice with apps like Keynote, PowerPoint, and TrialPad.
Presented By:
Justin Kahn, Esq.
1.5 Skills Credits
FREE for Members & Non-Members
**TO REGISTER. PLEASE CLICK HERE** | **Sex Discrimination & Sex Abuse in the Workplace. School and Sports**
June 23rd (1-2 PM)
This course will focus on Federal Civil Rights Acts Titles VII and IX and provide you with the knowledge of the State and City laws and codes involved with these sexual discrimination and abuse cases. In addition, you will learn how to evaluate these claims from a liability and damages perspective and how to best approach mediation and negotiation.
Presented By:
Hon. Joseph J. Maltese (Ret.)
Rhonda Epstein, Esq.
1 Professional Practice Credit
FREE for Members & Non-Members
**TO REGISTER. PLEASE CLICK HERE**  |

* Suitable for Experienced and Newly Admitted Attorneys

We maintain a financial hardship policy, call 518-364-4044 for more information

The Academy is here to support you and your practice as we struggle to adapt during these uncertain times.

For up-to-date court announcements concerning rules and procedures changes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, CLICK HERE.

For legal practice resources on working remotely and maintaining a virtual office, CLICK HERE.

For updates regarding state and federal assistance programs and legislation, CLICK HERE.

# And Register Now for...

"New Marijuana Law of 2021: The Intended and Unintended Consequences" (June 1st, 1-2 PM)
"How to Successfully Litigate a Personal Injury Case Series - Part 6: The Trial" (June 2nd, 1-2 PM)
"The New Power of Attorney Form In-Depth" (June 11th, 1-2 PM)
"How to Successfully Litigate a Personal Injury Case Series - Part 7: It's a Wrap!" (July 7th, 1-2 PM)
"How We Make Decisions - The Impact of Heuristics, Beliefs, and Biases" (July 27th, 1-2 PM)
"Mastering MedMal Mediations" (July 28th, 1-2 PM)
"2031 and Beyond: 10 Ways Your Practice Will Change in the Next 10 Years" (August 3rd, 1-2:30 PM)
"Labor Law Practice: Constructing the Perfect Motion" (August 12th, 1-2 PM)

NYS Academy of Trial Lawyers • 100 Great Oaks Blvd, Suite 123 • Albany, NY 12203

www.trialacademy.org
\cdot
 info@trialacademy.org

Phone: 518-364-4044

Fax: 518-514-1184

Click here to unsubscribe or update subscription preferences.

EFTA00032414</noreply@m.nysa.membercentral.org>

For additional assistance, contact the Trial Academy via email.

EFTA00032415