From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Ex-FDIC Staffer Found Guilty Of Stealing Banks' Living Wills
Date: Wed, 12 Dec 2018 08:22:13 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR

Wednesday, December 12, 2018
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Ex-FDIC Staffer Found Guilty Of Stealing Banks' Living Wills
A former senior employee at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. was convicted by a Brooklyn federal jury on Tuesday of stealing banks' confidential regulatory filings known as "living wills" that the government claims she copied so she could prepare for job interviews. Read full article »

## Ex-SUNY Prez Gets 3.5 Years For 'Buffalo Billion' Bid-Rigging
Manhattan U.S. District Judge Valerie E. Caproni hit former State University of New York Polytechnic Institute President Alain Kaloyeros with three and a half years in prison Tuesday for rigging bids, but allowed the nuclear scientist credited with a revitalization of the upstate school to stay free while he appeals. Read full article »

## Ex-Bloomberg, Turner Execs Charged In $15M Bribery Case
Former Bloomberg LP and Turner Construction executives helped steal $15 million from the media giant by rigging bids and handling bribes — sometimes code-named "sandwiches" — linked to interior construction work at two Bloomberg offices, Manhattan's district attorney alleged Tuesday. Read full article »

## Ex-Deutsche Traders Fight Convictions, Cite Gov't Misconduct
Two former traders at Deutsche Bank on Monday urged Manhattan's chief federal judge to reverse their convictions for rigging the London Interbank Offered Rate and dismiss the charges against them, arguing that prosecutors lied and hid evidence throughout the case. Read full article »

## Hearing Set To Determine If Manafort Lied
A D.C. federal judge Tuesday tentatively scheduled a hearing for Jan. 25 to determine whether Paul Manafort violated his plea agreement by lying to special prosecutor Robert Mueller. Read full article »

## MVP: Quinn Emanuel's William A. Burck
William A. Burck of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart &amp; Sullivan LLP found himself in the eye of the hurricane surrounding the production of documents in the contentious confirmation of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh this year, making him one of Law360's 2018 White Collar MVPs. Read full article »

# SECURITIES

Minn. Biz Co-Founder Gets 12 Years For $30M Stock Fraud

Law360 Pro Say Podcast
Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS
Best &amp; Flanagan
Bredhoff &amp; Kaiser
Coots Henke
Crowell &amp; Moring
Davis Wright Tremaine
Duane Morris
Epstein Becker Green
Harder LLP
Jenner &amp; Block
Levine Lee
McGuireWoods
Munger Tolles
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Peckar &amp; Abramson
Quinn Emanuel
Ropes &amp; Gray
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP

## COMPANIES
A.P. Moller-Maersk
Aeroflex Holding Corp.
American Bar Association

EFTA00032410</fcel>

A Minnesota federal judge sentenced a company co-founder to 12 years in prison Tuesday for his role in a $30 million stock manipulation scheme involving everything from a defunct tanning salon and his personal polo coach to his and his business partner's fathers posing as the company's board. Read full article »

## Fraudster's Ex-Wife Must Share Emails In Atty Tryst Case

An Indiana court has ruled that the ex-wife of a convicted hedge fund manager, who claims that she and his defense attorney were having an affair while the attorney was representing him, must turn over all communications she had with the attorney from the time he began representing her ex-husband until the time the two got married. Read full article »

## PUBLIC INTEGRITY

## House Azerbaijan Trip Organizer Pleads Guilty In Ethics Probe

An investigation into funding for a 2013 U.S. House of Representatives junket to Azerbaijan has ended with a guilty plea in D.C. federal court that will result in six to 12 months in prison for the trip organizer, a former president of a nonprofit formed to promote understanding between the U.S. and Turkish peoples. Read full article »

## SANCTIONS

## Huawei Exec Granted Bail By Canadian Judge

A Canadian judge granted bail on Tuesday to a top Huawei Technologies Co. executive facing extradition to the United States, the telecommunications giant announced. Read full article »

## LEGAL ETHICS

## Cape-Wearing Chicago Atty Offers No Excuse For Client Theft

A former Chicago personal injury lawyer known for dressing up in a cape and mask for a superhero persona known as "ExcuseMan" pled guilty Monday in a Chicago court to stealing his clients' settlements. Read full article »

## HEALTH

## Pa. Health Network To Pay $12.5M For Alleged Overbilling

Federal prosecutors in Pennsylvania announced on Tuesday that they'd inked a $12.5 million settlement with a Lehigh Valley health care network and its CEO over alleged false Medicare and Medicaid claims for orthopedic surgeries. Read full article »

## IMMIGRATION

## NC Atty Charged With Aiding Client's Immigration Fraud

A North Carolina immigration attorney has been accused of helping an unauthorized immigrant use a U.S. citizen's identity to apply for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals status, the U.S. Department of Justice announced Monday. Read full article »

## Media Errors Hurt Political Chances, Ex-Sheriff Arpaio Says

Former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio hit CNN, HuffPost, Rolling Stone and several reporters with a $300.5 million defamation lawsuit in D.C. federal court Monday, claiming that misreporting related to his since-pardoned misdemeanor conviction for criminal contempt has hurt his reputation and political chances. Read full article »

## GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

BPM LLP
Bloomberg
Cable News Network Inc.
Consumer Watchdog
Deutsche Bank AG
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Huawei Technologies
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
Judicial Watch Inc.
LM Ericsson Telephone Company
LPCiminelli Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
New York Times Co.
Northern Trust Corporation
Penske Media Corp.
Robert Half International Inc.
Sanderson Farms, Inc.
The Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
The New York City School Construction Authority
The State University of New York
Twitter Inc.
U.S. Legal Support Inc.
Washington Post Co.
YouTube Inc.
ZTE Corp.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

European Union
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Federal Reserve System
Federal Trade Commission
Financial Conduct Authority
Internal Revenue Service
New Jersey Attorney General's Office
New York State Police
Office of Foreign Assets Control
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Department of Defense
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of the Treasury
U.S. House of Representatives
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court
United Nations

EFTA00032411

EFTA00032412

# Contractor Admits Role In Sending Unqualified Guards To IRS

A manager for a company that provided armed guards to the IRS has pled guilty to conspiracy to defraud the government in a scheme involving the falsification of firearm shooting scores, prosecutors said Monday. Read full article »

TAX

# Accountant Seeks No Prison Time For $18M Tax Return Fraud

An accountant found guilty of helping a venture capitalist siphon $18 million from a fund through false tax returns has told a California federal court he should serve no time behind bars despite prosecutors' request for a "significant" prison sentence. Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

# A Review Of US Economic Sanctions In 2018

In 2018, the U.S. government strengthened sanctions targeting Iran, Russia and Venezuela, sanctioned an agency of the Chinese government and completed the second largest sanctions-related enforcement action on record. And the evidence suggests 2019 will be equally tumultuous, say attorneys with Ropes &amp; Gray LLP. Read full article »

# Opening Comments: A Key Strategic Decision In Mediation

Opening comments by parties in mediation that are made with the proper content and tone can diffuse pent-up emotion and pave the way for a successful resolution. But an opening presentation can do more harm than good if delivered the wrong way, say Jann Johnson and William Haddad of ADR Systems LLC. Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

# US Legal Industry Saw Best Growth In Nearly 10 Years

This year has been the U.S. legal industry's best for growth in nearly 10 years, with firms at the large and small ends of the scale reaping the vast share of the rewards, according to a report released Tuesday. Read full article »

# Legal Hiring Poised For Boom In 2019

Nearly half of U.S. lawyers in charge of hiring say their law firm or corporate legal department is poised to expand in the next six months, with the majority predicting that litigation will be the biggest driver of that growth, according to the results of a survey released Tuesday. Read full article »

# Microsoft Singles Out Davis Wright For Diversity Efforts

Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday recognized Davis Wright Tremaine LLP as the top-performing law firm participating in its diversity program, as the technology company celebrates the 10th anniversary of its effort to address diversity issues in the legal industry. Read full article »

# Senate OKs Trump's 8th Circ. Pick Despite Flake Opposition

The U.S. Senate relied on Vice President Mike Pence for the first time to confirm one of President Donald Trump's appeals court judges, as he cast the tie-breaking vote for Eighth Circuit nominee Jonathan Kobes over the objections of Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz. Read full article »

# California's Harris To Keep Senate Judiciary Seat

California is set to have both of its senators on the Senate Judiciary Committee next year, as a leadership deal allowed potential presidential candidate Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., to keep her spot on the panel. Read full article »

# Court Reporting Co. Must Follow Calif. Regs

A California state appeals court refused Friday to revive a court reporter's unfair competition suit against major court-reporting firm U.S. Legal Support Inc., but held that a lower court incorrectly absolved the company of the obligation to comply with California regulations for licensed professionals.

Read full article »

# Stormy Daniels Owes Trump Attys $300K In Fees, Sanctions

Stormy Daniels must pay President Donald Trump's attorneys approximately $300,000 in fees, costs and sanctions, which was less than half of what they originally sought, a California federal judge ordered Tuesday following the dismissal of the adult film star's defamation suit against the president. Read full article »

# JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

Associate – Business Litigation
(Wilmington, DE)
McCarter &amp; English
Wilmington, Delaware

Labor &amp; Employment Associate
Nixon Peabody LLP
Jericho, New York

ASSOCIATE – CORPORATE (BOSTON, MA OFFICE)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
Boston, Massachusetts

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032413