From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;

Ce: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;, " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Date: Wed, 07 Apr 2021 21:33:50 +0000

Thank you!

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 4:17 PM

To:  &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;;, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

The files from  have been added to the folder here for your review:

From:  &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:45 PM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;, (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Great, thanks to you both!

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:30 PM

To:  (NY) (FBI) &lt;,  &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Received, thank you!  I'll let you know when these files have been uploaded to the shared.

From:  (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:28 PM

To:  &lt;, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Just dropped it off.

Special Agent

FBI New York Field Office

EFTA00032646

On Apr 7, 2021 2:24 PM, "____________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;____________________ &gt; wrote:
That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off.

From: _________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;____________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 2:22 PM
To: _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________
Cc: _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Do you want me to just leave it downstairs in a folder? I'll bring it over now. There are four disks to include 1B-14, 1B 8-2, 1B 8-7, and 1D-1.

From: _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;____________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM
To: _________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________ &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________
Cc: _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Sounds good, thank you!

From: _________________ (NY) (FBI) &lt;____________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:09 AM
To: _________________ &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]
Cc: _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;____________________&gt;; _________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]
Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

Hey _________________

I'm having some issues with my usa fx account. I have to drop some other media off, so I'll put this on another disc and drop it off. I can drop it all off early afternoon if that's alright.

Special Agent _________________
FBI New York Field Office

On Apr 7, 2021 9:48 AM, "____________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;____________________&gt; wrote:
Hey _________________.

Just wanted to follow up on getting the folder "1B 1-14" on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, thanks!

EFTA00032647

From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:14 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files</td></tr></table>

Thanks so much, <table><tr><td>Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files</td></tr></table>

Just confirmed with <table> that we’ll need a replacement of the folder called “1B 1-14” since it won’t copy for him either, probably due to the files getting corrupted somehow when the disc was burned. The folder/its contents may be small enough that the FBI could send it via USAfx rather than having to burn a new disc, but we’ll need a replacement of this folder either way.

From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 4:27 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files</td></tr></table>

Great, thank you!

From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 4:20 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Cc: <table><tr><td>Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files</td></tr></table>

Hi <table><tr><td>Four of the five folders from the disc have successfully uploaded to the folder path linked below, but the fifth folder (1B 1-14) contains at least one file that will not copy off of the disc (not sure if the file is corrupted or what the issue is exactly). I’ll check with the IT folks and <table> to see if they’re able to copy the remaining folder off the disc or if we’ll need the FBI to recopy and resend it. I will keep you posted on the status of this last folder.

Thanks, <table><tr><td>From: <table><tr><td>Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 2:04 PM</td></tr><tr><td>To: <table><tr><td>Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files</td></tr></table>

Thank you so much!

EFTA00032648

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 1:55 PM

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: CD with Maxwell files

Hello and I will be back.

On Friday, the FBI brought me a CD containing additional files that I need to review for Maxwell. It should be sitting in my office on the 4th floor on my keyboard at my desk. Would one of you (or another paralegal who is in the office) be able to please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here:

[REDACTED]

Thanks so much,

[REDACTED]

EFTA00032649