From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;, "(USANYS)" &gt;

Subject: FW: Epstein FOIA Requests

Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2019 16:20:30 +0000

Attachments: Sigrid_S_McCawley_2019-003550_July_1st_corr.pdf; SigridMcCawley8-27-19.pdf

FYI, we have a bunch of FOIA requests for our Epstein investigation, including a couple from Boies Schiller on behalf of their client . I expect we will be asserting the ongoing investigation exemption as to all of them, including BS's, altho it is possible that may be entitled to some additional information as relates specifically to her. Let me know if you want to discuss.

From:

Sent: Friday, September 13, 2019 8:59 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;, &gt;

Subject: Epstein FOIA Requests

We have just received 4 new FOIA requests relating to the Epstein case:

UEOUSA-2019-003715 – Merris Badcock – WPTV – West Palm Beach, FL

Electronic request - Any and all records related to Jeffrey Epstein. This would include, but not be limited to any and all records from 2005 (or sooner).

UEOUSA-2019-004234 – Douglas Montero – American Media, Inc.

Electronic request - All files, photographs, videos and audio recordings pertaining to the July 6, 2019 SDNY indictment of Jeffrey Epstein – DOB 1-1953.

EOUSA-2019-04387 – Sigrid McCawley – BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

See attached - Multi district request. 2-parts. Part 1 – Records concerning their client . Part 2 – All records concerning the now deceased Jeffrey Epstein.

UEOUSA-2019-3550 – Sigrid McCawley – BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

See attached - Copies of entire file for any and all matters involving SDNY pertaining in any way to investigations, complaints, or allegations regarding or relating to Jeffrey Epstein, Ghislaine Maxwell, , Mark Epstein, , and others (see attached).

Wondering if you and want to consult with the trial team about what is releasable before and I speak with . There is also a Fifth request in the pipeline and I would guess others to follow.

EFTA00032429

EFTA00032430