From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Greenberg Traurig's NY Bill May Aid Russian Oligarch Client
Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 09:02:15 +0000

Law360 New York
NEW YORK
Thursday, June 17, 2021
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Greenberg Traurig's NY Bill May Aid Russian Oligarch Client

Greenberg Traurig successfully lobbied for a New York state bill that will make it harder to enforce foreign judgments, which could be worth $700 million or more to a Vladimir Putin-linked Russian oligarch who is a client of the firm. The state senator who sponsored the bill had no idea.

*Letter attached | Read full article »*

## NYC Bar Wants Arrest Question On Bar Application Amended

The New York City Bar Association has urged the New York state court system not to ask state bar applicants about their involvement with the juvenile justice system or criminal cases that were sealed, adjourned or dismissed.

*Read full article »*

## NY DAs Urge Gov. Cuomo To Veto Conduct Commission Bill

An association that represents New York state prosecutors urged Gov. Andrew Cuomo to veto a recently passed bill that would create an oversight body to investigate prosecutorial misconduct complaints, saying that the commission would delay and interfere with attorney discipline.

*3 documents attached | Read full article »*

## Robbins Geller Wants To Fight FIFA Suit DQ At 2nd Circ.

Robbins Geller Rudman &amp; Dowd LLP has asked a New York federal judge to give the firm time to appeal his ruling that it committed fraud worthy of disqualification by failing to disclose short positions held by the lead plaintiff in a securities class action stemming from the FIFA corruption scandal, a request the defendant company said comes way too late.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

## New York Opioid Trial Delayed Again As Jury Selection Lags

A monumental opioid trial pitting New York state and two local governments against a dozen drug companies is being pushed back nearly one week because jury selection is taking longer than expected, sources said Wednesday.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

## Examiner With Narrow Scope Approved In Purdue Ch. 11

A New York bankruptcy judge begrudgingly approved the appointment of an examiner in the Chapter 11 case of OxyContin maker Purdue Pharma LP on

Law360 Rising Stars 2021

## LAW FIRMS

Aidala Bertuna
Akin Gump
Allen &amp; Overy
Ansell Grimm
Blackstone Chambers
Boies Schiller
Brafman &amp; Associates
Brown Rudnick
Cadwalader Wickersham
Carlson Lynch
Chiesa Shahinian
Cloth Fair Chambers
Clyde &amp; Co
Cohen &amp; Gresser
Cohen Milstein
Constantine Cannon
Cravath Swaine
Crowell &amp; Moring
DLA Piper
Davis Polk
Debevoise &amp; Plimpton
Dechert
Derek Smith Law Group

EFTA00032738</fcel>

Wednesday, saying he was doing so only because the baseless allegations included in the examiner motion needed to be addressed publicly.

Read full article »

# Jailed Maxwell Decries 'Raw Sewage,' Nosy Guards

Ghislaine Maxwell cannot defend herself against child sex-trafficking charges with feces raining down in her cell and federal prison guards listening in on her privileged conversations, one of her attorneys told a Manhattan federal judge in a letter Tuesday.

Letter attached | Read full article »

# Trader Pushes Back Against Witness In Illumina Insider Trial

Counsel for a San Diego stock speculator accused of insider trading worked Wednesday to undermine the credibility of a former Illumina Inc. accountant who told a Manhattan jury she tipped him to earnings secrets in exchange for envelopes stuffed with cash.

Read full article »

# Visa, Mastercard Accused Of Being Cartel In Square Fees Suit

A proposed class of small businesses that use the Square e-commerce payment platform for transactions launched an antitrust suit against Visa and Mastercard on Wednesday, saying the credit card companies acted as a cartel by using their vast market share to keep fees associated with credit and debit card transactions high.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

# REAL ESTATE &amp; DEVELOPMENT

# Real Estate Rumors: American Stock, Wells, Maxim Credit

American Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Co. has reportedly landed a lease extension deal for 17,090 square feet in Manhattan, Wells Fargo is said to be paying $95 a square foot for space it's leasing in San Francisco and Maxim Credit Group is said to have loaned $17.5 million for 36 co-op units in Florida.

Read full article »

# CONSUMER PROTECTION

# Express Scripts Was Unaware Of CVS Overcharges, Jury Told

An Express Scripts executive told a California federal jury Wednesday that the pharmacy benefit manager was unaware CVS Pharmacy Inc. overcharged insured customers and didn't report its discounted drug prices, which the consumer classes claim led to higher copays.

Read full article »

# EMPLOYMENT

# SEIU Can Exit Fired Handyman's Bias Suit, Judge Says

A Service Employees International Union branch should escape a fired handyman's union bias suit, a New York federal magistrate judge recommended Tuesday, finding that the worker hasn't plausibly alleged that the union discriminated against him when it declined to challenge his firing.

Report attached | Read full article »

# SECURITIES

# Robbins Geller Nabs $21M For Work On $84M MetLife Deal

A New York federal court awarded Robbins Geller Rudman &amp; Dowd LLP $21 million for the firm's work securing an $84 million settlement for a class of

Dinsmore &amp; Shohl

Erskine Chambers

Essex Court Chambers

Faruqi &amp; Faruqi

Fine Kaplan

Foley Hoag

Frankfurt Kurnit

Freshfields

Gateley PLC

Gibbons PC

Gilbert LLP

Girardi &amp; Keese

Glancy Prongay

Goodwin Procter

Greenberg Traurig

Haddon Morgan

Hausfeld LLP

Hogan Lovells

Holland &amp; Knight

Husch Blackwell

Iredale &amp; Yoo

Jones Day

Kaplan Hecker

Kirkland &amp; Ellis

Kramer Levin

Latham &amp; Watkins

Levene Neale

Lowenstein Sandler

Maples and Calder

Margulies Faith

Mayer Brown

Milbank LLP

Milberg Coleman

Moses &amp; Singer

Napoli Shkolnik

Norton Rose

One Essex Court

Orrick Herrington

Otterbourg PC

Perkins Coie

Pomerantz LLP

Pritzker Levine

Quinn Emanuel

Robbins Geller

Roche Freedman

Ropes &amp; Gray

Rosen Law Firm PA

Scharf Banks

Selendy &amp; Gay

Shuman Glenn

Sidley Austin

EFTA00032739

investors who accused MetLife Inc. of misleading them by underreporting life insurance liabilities.

Order attached | Read full article »

# Investors Push To Keep BitMEX Manipulation Claims Alive

Investors who used exchange BitMEX to buy crypto-asset derivatives have asked a New York federal court to keep their allegations of fraudulent practices and price manipulation in play.

Memorandum attached | Read full article »

# Pomerantz To Rep Investors in Pa. Oil Well Suit

Pomerantz LLP, with an assist from a local law firm, will represent a proposed class of investors in a suit in Pittsburgh federal court alleging natural gas and oil company Range Resources Corp. improperly reported the status of wells it owns and operates in Pennsylvania.

Order attached | Read full article »

# WHITE COLLAR

# Ex-Goldman Exec's Virus-Delayed 1MDB Trial Set For January

Former Goldman Sachs managing director Roger Ng will face trial in January over his purported role in the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, a New York federal judge said Tuesday, rescheduling the proceeding after a pandemic-related delay.

Read full article »

# NYC Doc Gets Over 4½ Years For Taking Insys Kickbacks

A former New York City doctor on Wednesday was sentenced to more than 4½ years in prison for taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks from now-defunct drugmaker Insys Therapeutics Inc. in exchange for prescribing a powerful fentanyl spray to his patients.

Read full article »

# Ex-NASA Chief Gets 30 Days For Hiding Ties To China

A New York federal judge on Wednesday hesitantly sentenced a NASA nanotechnology pioneer to 30 days in prison for concealing his ties to the Chinese government, pointing out that defendants with lesser bona fides are routinely locked up for lying to the government.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

# MERGERS &amp; ACQUISITIONS

# 5 Firms Guide $600M In IPOs For 2 Energy Transition SPACs

Two blank-check companies focused on energy transition and sustainability raised a combined $600 million Wednesday in initial public offerings guided by five law firms.

Read full article »

# 2 Firms Guide Columbia Care's $42M Deal For Colo. Pot Co.

Cannabis giant Columbia Care Inc. is poised to acquire Denver dispensary Medicine Man in a deal steered by Foley Hoag LLP and Husch Blackwell LLP and valued at $42 million, the companies have announced.

Read full article »

# BANKRUPTCY

# NY Retirement Community Seeks $199M Ch. 11 Refinance

The owner of Long Island retirement community Amsterdam at Harborside is seeking Chapter 11 protection in a New York bankruptcy court with a

Skadden Arps
Smith Villazor
Stein Mitchell
Stroock &amp; Stroock
Swanson &amp; McNamara
Three Raymond Buildings
Troutman Pepper
Vinson &amp; Elkins
Wachtell Lipton
Williams &amp; Connolly
Winston &amp; Strawn
Wolf Haldenstein

# COMPANIES

1-800 Contacts Inc.
7-Eleven Inc.
ACI Worldwide, Inc.
Amalgamated Transit Union
Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
American Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company LLC
Apple Inc.
Barclays PLC
CVS Health Corp.
Chevron Corp.
Citigroup Inc.
Columbia Care Inc.
Deutsche Bank AG
Equal Justice Initiative
Ethereum GmbH
Express Scripts Holding Co.
Facebook Inc.
Federation Internationale de Football Association
Fordham University
George Washington University
Georgetown University
Google LLC
Grupo Televisa SAB
HDR Global Trading Ltd.
ICAP
Illumina Inc.
JAMS Inc.
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
London Stock Exchange Group PLC
MasterCard Inc.
MetLife Inc.
Mr. Cooper Group Inc.
NASDAQ Inc.

EFTA00032740

prenegotiated plan to refinance over $199 million in debt as it deals with a failure to attract enough residents.

Declaration attached | Read full article »

BANKING

Nationstar Mortgage Sued Over Unauthorized Payment Glitch

Mortgage servicer Nationstar Mortgage LLC faces a proposed class action in New York federal court accusing the company of improperly debiting borrowers' accounts multiple times in a single month.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

PEOPLE

Chiesa Shahinian Adds Experienced IP Attorney In NY

Chiesa Shahinian &amp; Giantomasi PC continued its 2021 expansion, adding an attorney with nearly two decades of experience working on a variety of intellectual property and trade secret suits as a New York-based member, the firm announced.

Read full article »

Winston &amp; Strawn Grabs Partner From Troutman Pepper

Winston &amp; Strawn LLP continued to expand the firm's tax practice with the addition of a partner from Troutman Pepper who will work out of its New York office, Winston announced Wednesday.

Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

Law Firm Talent Must Reflect Shifting US Demographics

Stephanie Scharf at Scharf Banks and Roberta Liebenberg at Fine Kaplan analyze and project U.S. demographic trends to show that law firms that hope to succeed long-term must recruit, retain and advance female lawyers and lawyers of color, and they outline six steps for meeting these goals.

Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

Client Data Stolen From UK Law Firm Gateley In Cyberattack

London law firm Gateley PLC revealed on Wednesday that it has been targeted by a cyberattack that resulted in some of its clients' information being compromised, making it the latest casualty of an online security breach in the legal industry.

Read full article »

7 More Firms Raise Associate Salaries

A host of law firms this week have moved to match Davis Polk &amp; Wardwell LLP and raise U.S. associates' starting salaries, and one firm has combined the announcement with a plan to accelerate its promotion track.

Read full article »

Federal Claims Judge Confirmed To Md. District Court

A bipartisan Senate vote on Wednesday confirmed a DLA Piper alum to move from the U.S. Court of Federal Claims to a lifetime seat on Maryland's federal district court.

Read full article »

Cravath Donating $6M Fee To Groups Supporting Civil Rights

National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
New York City Bar Association
New York State Bar Association
New York State Teachers' Retirement System
New York University
PG&amp;E Corp.
Purdue Pharma LP
QUALCOMM Inc.
RBC Capital Markets
Range Resources Corp.
Service Employees International Union
Space Exploration Technologies Corp.
Temple University
The Green Solution LLC
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law
United Airlines Holdings Inc.
Visa Inc.
Walgreens Co.
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.
Zeughauser Group LLC

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Economics and Statistics Administration
European Union
Executive Office of the President
Federal Trade Commission
Food and Drug Administration
Information Commissioner's Office
National Aeronautics and Space Administration
New York Attorney General's Office
Serious Fraud Office
U.S. Air Force
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Department of Commerce

EFTA00032741

Cravath Swaine &amp; Moore LLP announced on Tuesday it will donate $6 million it earned in attorney fees in pro bono work to five national and local Alabama organizations supporting civil rights and diversity efforts.

Read full article »

# Dechert Hit With Discrimination Suit By Ex-Billing Manager

A former billing manager at Dechert LLP said her supervisor created a hostile work environment and set impossibly high standards for her because she was Black, according to a racial discrimination lawsuit she filed against the firm in Pennsylvania federal court Wednesday.

Read full article »

# Girardi's Ex-Clients Go After His Wife In State Malpractice Suit

Former clients of celebrity trial lawyer Thomas V. Girardi, along with the bankruptcy trustee liquidating the embattled attorney's personal property, have urged a California bankruptcy judge to lift a stay so the ex-clients can continue their collection pursuit against his estranged wife, "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Erika Girardi.

Read full article »

# ENRC Adviser Regrets Lying In SFO Tipoff About Dechert Atty

A former ENRC security consultant testified on Wednesday that he regretted lying in an anonymous letter he sent to the Serious Fraud Office accusing a Dechert attorney investigating alleged corruption at the Kazakh mining company of colluding with the agency's officials.

Read full article »

# Analysis

# Khan Goes From Commissioner To Chair In Under 6 Hours

In a single afternoon, Lina Khan was confirmed to the Federal Trade Commission, sworn in, and made its chair in a surprise move that sets up the Big Tech critic for a role she was not anticipated to play and has left observers wondering what to expect.

Read full article »

# Marshals Need More Staff To Protect Judges, DOJ Report Says

Less than a year after the killing of a New Jersey federal judge's son by an angry male rights attorney, a U.S. Department of Justice audit found that the U.S. Marshals Service is understaffed and not properly equipped to protect the judiciary.

Read full article »

# Ex-Orrick Atty Now 'Supreme Court Director' At Georgetown

Georgetown Law's Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection has named former Orrick partner Kelsi Brown Corkran as its first U.S. Supreme Court director, a role in which she will manage the group's litigation strategy for civil rights and criminal justice in the nation's top court.

Read full article »

# JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court
U.S. Uniform Law Commission

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

EFTA00032742

Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032743