From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Foul With Routine Witness Trips Up Deutsche Libor Trial
Date: Mon, 01 Oct 2018 07:40:09 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR

Monday, October 1, 2018
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Foul With Routine Witness Trips Up Deutsche Libor Trial

The government's Libor-rigging case against two former Deutsche Bank traders has suffered setbacks in recent days, after a routine witness put on to authenticate documents admitted signing an untrue declaration, which led to harsh words from a federal judge to prosecutors and the exclusion of a swath of trading data from coming into the case. Read full article »

### Musk To Pay $20M In Settlement Over Going-Private Tweets

Elon Musk has agreed to step down as chairman of Tesla Inc. and pay a $20 million fine as part of settlements unveiled by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Saturday, two days after the agency sued Musk for allegedly having posted misleading Twitter messages about taking Tesla private. Read full article »

### Dems' Emoluments Suit Not Just A Political Fight, Judge Says

President Donald Trump can't get out of Congressional Democrats' lawsuit alleging he violated the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, a D.C. federal judge ruled Friday, saying the lawmakers have standing to challenge the president, and their allegations amount to more than "a political dispute between the elected branches of government." Read full article »

### 2 Ex-Oil Co. Execs Get Prison For Global Bribery Scheme

Two former executives of Dutch oil company SBM Offshore NV were sentenced by a federal judge in Houston on Friday afternoon to prison for their roles in an international bribery scheme. Read full article »

### Boston Nonprofit Exec Indicted For Embezzling Over $1M

A former executive at a Boston nonprofit was charged with allegedly embezzling more than $1.3 million from company bank accounts, the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts said on Thursday. Read full article »

## IN-DEPTH

News Analysis

### Supreme Court Cheat Sheet: 8 Cases To Watch

With D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh's fate as the ninth justice still hanging in the balance, the U.S. Supreme Court kicks off its new term Monday without a case of blockbuster proportions. But there are several bread-and-butter business issues filling out the docket, including an antitrust attack against Apple, a dispute over

Law360 Pro Say Podcast

Listen to our new podcast here

LAW FIRMS
Armstrong Teasdale
Arnold &amp; Porter
BakerHostetler
Ballard Spahr
Bancroft PLLC
Buckley Sandler
Covington &amp; Burling
DLA Piper
Davis Polk
Dorsey &amp; Whitney
Eisner Gorin
Epstein Becker Green
Gerard Fox Law
Geyser PC
Gibson Dunn
Haynes and Boone
Hogan Lovells
Hughes Hubbard
Javerbaum Wurgaft
Jones Day
Kellogg Hansen
King &amp; Spalding
Kirkland &amp; Ellis

EFTA00032459</fcel>

liability in securities fraud actions and a case that could undo how some class settlements are structured. Read full article »

## SECURITIES

### Ex-Fund Manager Who Lost $22M Sentenced To 8 Years

A former Morgan Stanley trader and self-styled hedge fund manager who took more than $24 million from friends and family and lost most of it through risky options trading was sentenced to eight years in prison by a Manhattan federal judge on Thursday. Read full article »

### Ex-Ocwen Exec Settles SEC Insider Trading Claims

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission announced Friday that the former vice president of servicing at Ocwen Financial Corp. has agreed to settle insider trading claims made in a complaint the commission filed in Pennsylvania federal court the same day. Read full article »

### Ex-Texas Pol Charged With Fraud Over Frack Sand Scheme

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday announced it has charged a former Texas state senator and another man over a scheme that raised millions from investors for a hydraulic fracking-related company based on misrepresentations. Read full article »

### CFTC Starts Insider Trading Task Force, Sues Energy Trader

The Commodity Futures Trading Commission announced Friday that it has created an insider trading task force, the same day the agency accused a Houston-based energy commodities trader of using clients' trading information to help a friend make money. Read full article »

### IT Exec Gets 3 Years For Role In $2.8M Fraud Scheme

A former Illinois information technology firm executive was sentenced Friday to 39 months in prison for taking part in a scheme to steal more than $2.8 million from the company. Read full article »

## FCPA

### Stryker Settles SEC's Latest FCPA Claims For $7.8M

Medical device company Stryker Corp. agreed to pay a $7.8 million penalty over accounting and record keeping failures in China, India and Kuwait, marking the company's second settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission over Foreign Corrupt Practices Act violations. Read full article »

## LEGAL ETHICS

### NJ Atty Cops To Role In Short-Sale Mortgage Fraud

A New Jersey attorney on Friday copped to his role in a large-scale mortgage fraud scheme that involved properties in Jersey City, Clifton, Union and elsewhere and caused losses of millions of dollars, federal prosecutors announced. Read full article »

## HEALTH

### Opioid Task Force Arrests 76 After Raid On Tribal Land

The U.S. Department of the Interior has announced 76 drug-related arrests following a department-led undercover operation on North Carolina tribal lands, marking the latest development in a federal initiative created to combat the opioid crisis in Native American communities. Read full article »

## SPORTS

Latham &amp; Watkins
Levine Lee
Lewis Rice
Manatt Phelps
Mayer Brown
McCarter &amp; English
McCune Wright
McDermott Will
McGuireWoods
Morgan Lewis
Munger Tolles
Murphy &amp; McGonigle
Norton Rose Fulbright
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Orrick Herrington
Paul Hastings
Perkins Coie
Polsinelli
Proskauer Rose
Quinn Emanuel
Robbins Russell
Robins Kaplan
Seyferth Blumenthal
Sidley Austin
Skadden
Sterne Kessler
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Troutman Sanders
Vinson &amp; Elkins
Williams &amp; Connolly
Winston &amp; Strawn

## COMPANIES

21st Century Fox Inc.
AT&amp;T Inc.
Abercrombie &amp; Fitch
Altisource Portfolio Solutions SA
Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
American Standard
Apple Inc.
Avaya Inc.
Bank of America Corporation
Bayer AG
CONCACAF
Charter Communications Inc.
Coinbase Inc.
Deutsche Bank AG
Fannie Mae
Federation Internationale de Football Association

EFTA00032460

# Prosecutors Want $55M Restitution For Soccer Bribe Convicts

Federal prosecutors have told a New York federal court that two South American soccer bosses convicted of bribery-related charges as part of the wider FIFA corruption investigation should pay their victims nearly $55 million in restitution, plus a percentage of their salaries and some investigation costs. Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### Feature

**Up Next At High Court: Justices Kick Off Term Short-Staffed**

The U.S. Supreme Court will be one member short when it comes in session Monday morning to hear a handful of cases being closely followed by environmental and employment lawyers after sexual assault claims derailed D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh's hopes for a speedy confirmation. Read full article »

### FBI Investigating Kavanaugh Allegations After Panel Vote

The FBI over the weekend started an investigation into the allegations of sexual assault against D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh, following a Senate Judiciary Committee vote Friday that advanced his Supreme Court nomination to the full Senate. Read full article »

### Feature

**Rocket-er Docket: Mass. IP Case Sees 2 Trials In 6 Months**

Court watchers have been left marveling at the rapid pace of an intellectual property dispute between a pair of Massachusetts 3D printing rivals, which raced to trial in less than four months this summer and saw a second trial between the two end Thursday. Read full article »

### Calif. High Court Approves Updates To State Bar Rules

The California Supreme Court on Friday approved a final version of its new Rules of Professional Conduct, which are set to go into effect in November, including a major update to a provision governing how attorneys can counsel clients regarding potentially criminal activity. Read full article »

### Manatt Can't Dodge Recruiter's $335K Trial Win, Panel Says

A California appeals court on Friday affirmed a jury's finding that Manatt Phelps &amp; Phillips LLP must pay a legal recruiter $335,000 for connecting the firm with its managing partner-elect, ruling that substantial evidence backed the jury's verdict. Read full article »

### Ex-King &amp; Spalding Atty Aims To Block Lawyer's Lien Bid

A former King &amp; Spalding LLP associate, who has accused the firm of ousting him after he aired ethical concerns, said in a brief filed Friday in New York federal court that his onetime attorney has no right to a piece of any future settlement, asserting that the attorney cannot show good cause for his withdrawal. Read full article »

### Ex-Armstrong Teasdale Atty Wants Bias Suit Revived

A former Armstrong Teasdale LLP partner has asked the Eighth Circuit to revive his Missouri federal age bias suit against the firm, arguing a ruling that ended an earlier state suit shouldn't block his claims under the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act. Read full article »

### Law Schools Need Admission Overhaul For Diversity: Report

A research and policy institute that focuses on legal education has unveiled a new report that recommends concrete changes law schools can make in order to help diversify the still disproportionately white legal industry, saying that law schools currently contribute to the profession's overall lack of racial diversity. Read full article »

Golden State Warriors
Google Inc.
HSN, Inc.
Helsinn Healthcare SA
Henry Schein Inc.
Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
Janus Henderson Group PLC
Merck &amp; Co Inc.
Monsanto Co.
Morgan Stanley
NBCUniversal Inc.
NFL Enterprises LLC
National Basketball Association
Nestle
Oakland Raiders
Ocwen Financial Corporation
PHH Corporation
Panasonic Corporation
PepsiCo Inc.
Petrobras
Pfizer Inc.
PhRMA
Platinum Partners LP
Prime Inc.
Robert Half International Inc.
SBM Offshore NV
Scientific Games Corp.
State Bar of California
Stolt-Nielsen SA
Stryker Corp.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
The Walt Disney Co.
Trump Organization Inc.
Tween Brands Inc.
Twitter Inc.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Wayfair LLC
Weyerhaeuser Co.
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.
ZTE Corp.
eBay Inc.

### GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Bureau of Indian Affairs
California Supreme Court
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

EFTA00032461

EFTA00032462

Feature

GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

Technology giants said they'd embrace new federal privacy legislation in the wake of headline-grabbing data misuse scandals, and the U.S. Supreme Court is poised to start a new session that could see the justices tackle a growing circuit split on whether federal anti-discrimination law protects gay and transgender workers. Read full article »

Feature

The Top In-House Hires Of September

New York Stock Exchange owner Intercontinental Exchange Inc. tapped a former McKenna Long &amp; Aldridge LLP attorney as its next general counsel, and the new Fox company has picked a Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP partner to be its legal boss. Here, Law360 looks at some of September's top in-house hires and promotions. Read full article »

In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. Read full article »

Podcast

Law360's Pro Say: Kavanaugh Showdown On Capitol Hill

All eyes were on Capitol Hill this week for a pivotal hearing on Dr. Christine Blasey Ford's allegations of sexual assault against U.S. Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. On this week's Pro Say podcast, we unpack the whole chaotic week of news. Read full article »

JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

ASSOCIATE – CORPORATE (BOSTON, MA OFFICE)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
Boston, Massachusetts

Labor &amp; Employment Associate (Newark, NJ Office)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
Newark, New Jersey

Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians
European Union
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Trade Commission
Fish and Wildlife Service
Food and Drug Administration
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Labor
U.S. Department of the Interior
U.S. House of Representatives
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011