SUICIDE TIMELINE:

RE: Epstein, Jeffrey Edward, Reg. No. 76318-054

## Friday, August 9, 2019

8:00 am: inmate Reyes Efrain, Reg. No. 85993-054 departs for court (WAB-USMS-SDNY). Reyes is Epstein's cellmate.

8:30 am: inmate Epstein arrives in Attorney Conference. He is visited by several attorneys throughout the day.

6:45 pm: inmate Epstein departs attorney conference and returns to SHU.

7:00 pm: inmate Epstein provided a social call by IDO. IDO reports inmate Epstein was in good spirits, nothing unusual.

## Saturday, August 10, 2019

6:33 am: Body alarm activated in SHU. Staff found inmate Epstein unresponsive in cell. Staff reported to bedside of inmate and attempted to wake him. Control announced medical emergency. CPR initiated

6:35 am: Medical staff (on duty PA) on site, CPR already in progress medical staff continues CPR and AED applied on inmate. Control called for ambulance

6:40 am: [redacted], AW notified

6:45 am: EMS arrives, paramedics continue CPR. Inmate Epstein remains unresponsive. Inmate Epstein is intubated, given three rounds of Epinephrine, IV access started, IO initiated. No pulse found, no shock advised, inmate prepared for transport to local hospital.

7:00 am: Institution placed on modified operations

7:10 am: EMS departs institution enroute to Beekman Hospital.

7:19 am: USMS notified of incident.

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00009358

EFTA00033799

7:20 am: SIS Lt notified.
7:30 am: [redacted], Warden arrives at institution. [redacted], AW notified.
7:32 am: PIO notified of incident by the Warden.
7:36 am: Official time of death reported by ER physician.
7:40 am: Acting Chief Psychologist notified.
8:00 am: [redacted], AW and [redacted], Captain arrives at institution.
8:10 am: SIS Lt arrives at institution.
8:10 am: CMC and SCSS notified.
8:34 am: FBI notified.
9:00 am: AUSA notified.
9:00 am: [redacted] arrives at institution.
9:00 am: SIS Lt. Reports to SHU. Interviews will be conducted with inmates assigned to tier.
9:15 am: CMC arrives at institution.
9:30 am: Acting Chief Psychologist arrived to the institution.
9:50 am: SCSS arrives at institution.
9:55 am: CMC and IDO depart institution En route to Beekman Hospital.
10:00 am: CMC and IDO arrive at Beekman Hospital, fingerprints and photographs taken of inmate Epstein. Inmate clothing secured and brought back to institution.
10:00 am: Judge Berman notified.
10:15 am: CMC returns to institution.
10:45 am: PIO arrived to the institution.

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00009359
EFTA00033800

11:00 am: Next of kin (brother) notified by Case Management Coordinator.

11:12 am: Press Release released to media.

11:15 am: Press Release provided to Judge Berman.

11:15 am: Crisis Support Team activated.

12:15 pm: Body released to Medical Examiner (ME) for autopsy

12:19 pm: FBI arrives.

1:35 pm: FBI arrives in Special Housing Unit.

1:40 pm: OIG notified by the Warden and they will be sending an Agent to NYM.

2:15 pm: Crisis Support Team debrief conducted.

2:45 pm: OIG arrived in Special Housing Unit (SHU)

3:45 pm: OIG and FBI departed from SHU.

5:05 pm: OIG/FBI departed MCC New York.

5:30 pm: CST departed MCC New York.

10:15 pm: Computer Services Manager arrives at institution to remove hard drives (Computers) from SHU. And replaced with new ones.

Sunday, August 11, 2019

8:00 am: Resumed normal operations. Attorney conference visits and social visits (Unit 3) resume.

12:15 am: Computer Services Manager departs the institution.

10:40 am: OIG Agent [redacted] and Agent [redacted] arrives at institution.

11:15 am: OIG Agent [redacted] departs institution with two computers FPS 021407270 and FPS 0214207268.

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00009360

EFTA00033801

2:00 pm: OIG Agent [redacted] departs the institution.

## Monday, August 12, 2019

1:00 pm: Staff recall conducted
3:14 pm: FBI arrives
7:56 pm: FBI departs
9:45 pm: FBI returns
10:30 pm: FBI departs

## Tuesday, August 13, 2019

8:00 am: Central Office staff arrive
7:30 am: Department Head meeting conducted
8:45 am: Regional Director arrives

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00009361
EFTA00033802