To:
Cc:
To:

From:
Sent: Sat 7/27/2019 11:32:55 AM
Subject: Fwd: Re: Thank you

I saw him this morning (7/27/19) and he was not incoherent.

Thanks,

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/26/2019 4:01 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Per the below, please see Tartaglione this evening for possible mental health concerns.

- please have him ready for a legal visit first thing tomorrow morning.

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007
p. [redacted]
f. [redacted]

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com> 7/26/2019 3:56 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Nick's parents just left him and described him as nearly incoherent.

Said he is as bad as he has ever been.

I want to see him tomorrow at 8:00 but I am hoping someone can check on him tonight

Bruce Barket
Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco
666 Old Country road
Garden City, NY 11530
(516) 745 1500 - O
(516) 287 7230 - M
Barket Epstein.com

On Jul 26, 2019, at 3:38 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Bruce,

Thanks for the kind words. We are happy to help. Have a great weekend.

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com> 7/26/2019 8:15 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
[redacted]

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00009910
EFTA00034035</bbarket@barketepstein.com></bbarket@barketepstein.com>

I am not shy about complaining so I figure I should also acknowledge the good work done. I met with Nick last night and he told me that you personally checked in on him and swapped out his books. Thank you.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530
(516) 745 1500 [P] (516) 745 1245 [F]
www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments.

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Thursday, July 25, 2019 9:50 AM
To: Bruce Barket
Cc: [Redacted]
Subject: Re: Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein/Nicholas Tartaglione

Good morning Bruce,

Please be advised that this matter is currently the subject of an open investigation, and, thus, I am limited in what I can discuss at this time. I have not shared any information with the press or the public, and I am not aware of any other MCC staff doing so either. As this is an open investigation, no information can be shared with outside parties until the investigation is complete. Once the investigation is concluded, I will be able to provide you more information.

I have reminded MCC administrators to caution staff that they are not to retaliate against your client or any inmate. Please let me know if you have any further questions or concerns.

Thank you,

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket <bbarket@barketepstein.com> 7/24/2019 11:30 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

This comes on the heels of our complaints to the Court. It seems someone in your facility has leaked false information about Nick.

Bruce Barket
Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco
666 Old Country road
Garden City, NY 11530
(516) 745 1500 - O
(516) 287 7230 - M
Barket Epstein.com
Begin forwarded message:

From: Tracy Connor <tracy.connor@thedailybeast.com>
Date: July 24, 2019 at 11:08:48 PM EDT
To: "bbarket@barketepstein.com" <bbarket@barketepstein.com>
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein/Nicholas Tartaglione

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00009911
EFTA00034036</bbarket@barketepstein.com></tracy.connor@thedailybeast.com></bbarket@barketepstein.com>

Hello,

Trying to confirm this NBC story that says your client was questioned about a possible attack on Jeffrey Epstein at the MCC. I'm at 646-354-3792. Can you call?

Tracy Connor
Executive editor
P 212.315.4522 | M 646.354.3792

Join Beast Inside, our new membership program, to get more of the journalism you trust and love.

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00009912
EFTA00034037