From: Access to Justice Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: How Defense Sleuths Are Forging Ahead Despite A Pandemic  |
| --- |
|  Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2020 11:27:38 +0000  |

|  Law360 Access to Justice  |
| --- |

Access to Justice

Young2.jpg

## How Defense Sleuths Are Forging Ahead Despite A Pandemic

Across the country, thousands of investigators who help build cases for indigent defendants are adjusting to a new reality in which field work is "pretty much shut down." Though arrests have slowed and many court proceedings are on hold, investigators say their work can't stop.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Victims' Rights Suffer Blow In Epstein Case

In the latest twist in the Jeffrey Epstein saga, a split Eleventh Circuit panel ruled last week that the protections of the Crime Victims' Rights Act do not arise until after a formal criminal charge has been filed. For Epstein's victims, it could mark the end of a 12-year-long legal challenge — and for the victims' rights movement, it could be a lasting blow.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Virus Forces Transparency Reckoning Among Highest Courts

Since coronavirus concerns shuttered courthouses nationwide, the U.S. Supreme Court and some appellate judges have given in to livestream technology. Transparency advocates welcome this development and hope the practice will continue even after the pandemic ends.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Analysis

### Amid Pandemic, Hearings For Detained Migrant Kids Go On

As federal courts close their doors during the coronavirus pandemic, immigration court proceedings for migrant children in government custody are moving forward. Attorneys told Law360 that continuing these hearings risks children's health and threatens due process.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Monday, April 20, 2020

### LAW FIRMS

- Arent Fox
- Ashurst LLP
- Austin LLP
- Baker Donelson
- Baker McKenzie
- Ballard Spahr
- Barnes &amp; Thornburg
- Bast Amron
- Belkin Burden
- Blank Rome
- Boies Schiller
- Bracewell
- Brown Rudnick
- Bryan Cave Leighton
- Paisner
- Cadwalader Wickersham
- Cahill Gordon
- Clifford Chance
- Clyde &amp; Co
- Cooley
- Covington &amp; Burling
- Cravath Swaine
- Crowell &amp; Moring
- Culhane Meadows
- DLA Piper
- Davis Polk
- Debevoise &amp; Plimpton
- Dentons
- Duane Morris
- Eckert Seamans

EFTA00032906</table></news@law360.com>

EFTA00032907

# Q&amp;A

## Coping With A Pandemic: Pine Tree's Nan Heald

With distancing and isolation the new norm amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Law360 is sharing reactions from around the business and legal community. Today's perspective comes from Maine-based Nan Heald, executive director at Pine Tree Legal Assistance.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Homeless Angelenos Get Due Process Win Over City Seizures

In January 2019, Janet Garcia returned from getting ready for work to find that all of her belongings had been seized and destroyed by the Los Angeles Bureau of Sanitation.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Bail Bond Groups Can't Sink Calif. Price-Fixing Suit

For those who turn to bail bonds in California, the cost of getting oneself or a loved one out of prison while awaiting a court date can be steep, but a proposed class action now poised to move forward contends there's more to those rates than honest market forces.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Pro Bono Spotlight

### O'Melveny Helps Reunite Family Amid COVID-19 Fears

When three young siblings found themselves detained 50 miles from their father's home in Maryland, with the government moving to deport them rather than reunite the family, it was the latest hardship in a journey fraught with danger.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Perspectives

### COVID-19 Highlights Access Injustice In Personal Bankruptcy

In the age of enforced social distancing, the limits on access to electronic filing means bankruptcy is paradoxically only available to those individuals who can afford it, says Rohan Pavuluri at Upsolve.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Perspectives

### Inmate Release Exhaustion Rule Should Be Waived For COVID

The issue at the forefront of many compassionate release applications during the pandemic has been whether federal courts must wait 30 days before they can rule on them due to the statutory administrative exhaustion requirement, and those 30 days could become a matter of life or death, says Jolene LaVigne-

Eversheds Sutherland
Faegre Drinker
Fenwick &amp; West
Fisher Phillips
Foley &amp; Lardner
Foley Hoag
Fragomen Del Rey
Fried Frank
Fross Zelnick
Gibson Dunn
Goldberg Segalla
Goodwin
Greenberg Traurig
Greenspoon Marder
Hinshaw &amp; Culbertson
Hodgson Russ
Hogan Lovells
Hogan Thompson LLP
Holland &amp; Knight
Hueston Hennigan
Husch Blackwell
Immigration Law PLLC
Jackson Lewis
Jones Day
K&amp;L Gates
Kelley Drye
Kilpatrick Townsend
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Klehr Harrison
Lanier Law Firm
Latham &amp; Watkins
Levenfeld Pearlstein
Lieff Cabraser
Linklaters
Loeb &amp; Loeb
Lowenstein Sandler
Lucas Magazine
Marshall Dennehey
Mason Lietz
Mayer Brown
Mintz Levin
Morgan Lewis
Mukasey Frenchman

Albert at Schlam Stone.
Read full article

Nixon Peabody
Norton Rose
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Ogletree Deakins
Orrick
Paul Hastings
Pepper Hamilton
Perkins Coie
Pierce Bainbridge
Pryor Cashman
Reed Smith
Rivkin Radler
Ropes &amp; Gray
Schiff Hardin
Schlam Stone
Seyfarth Shaw
Sheppard Mullin
Shook Hardy
Sidley Austin
Simmons &amp; Simmons
Slaughter and May
Snell &amp; Wilmer
Squire Patton Boggs
Stoel Rives
Thompson HD
Troutman Sanders
Vinson &amp; Elkins
Williams &amp; Connolly
Wilson Sonsini
Winston &amp; Strawn
Womble Bond Dickinson

## COMPANIES
3M Co.
Aeropostale Inc.
American Immigration
Lawyers Association
Apple Inc.
Brooklyn Defender Services
Burford Capital LLC
CDI Corporation
Cable News Network Inc.
Ernst &amp; Young LLP
Facebook Inc.

EFTA00032908

Google Inc.
Instagram Inc.
Johnson &amp; Johnson
Kids in Need of Defense
Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles
LinkedIn Corp.
Monsanto Co.
Orleans Public Defenders
Philip Morris International Inc.
Pine Tree Legal Assistance Inc.
Skype Technologies SA
Sonos Inc.
Spotify Technology SA
The Walt Disney Co.
Twitter Inc.

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
California Department of Insurance
California Supreme Court
Executive Office for Immigration Review
Federal Trade Commission
Food and Drug Administration
Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority
New Jersey Office of the Public Defender
New Jersey Supreme Court
Occupational Safety and Health Administration
Pennsylvania Supreme Court
Securities and Exchange Commission
Small Business Administration
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit

EFTA00032909

EFTA00032910

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Labor
U.S. Department of the Treasury
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
U.S. Supreme Court

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011