From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Ex-White House Counsel McGahn Ordered To Testify To House Date: Tue, 26 Nov 2019 08:39:43 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR
Tuesday, November 26, 2019
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Ex-White House Counsel McGahn Ordered To Testify To House

A D.C. federal judge ruled Monday that former White House counsel Don McGahn must comply with a subpoena to testify in House Democrats' impeachment inquiry into President Donald Trump's alleged attempts to obstruct former special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russia's election interference.

*Order attached | Read full article »*

## Katten Settles $69M Malpractice Row Over Lending Scam

A Missouri federal judge on Monday dismissed a malpractice suit against Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP after it settled the matter with several corporate entities linked to a decade-long payday lending scam that resulted in a $69 million judgment against the companies.

*1 document attached | Read full article »*

## Atty Lied In Hyundai Construction's CAA Case, DOJ Says

A Chicago-area attorney is facing charges of perjury and obstruction of justice for allegedly lying under oath before a federal grand jury in a criminal Clean Air Act case against Hyundai Construction Equipment Americas Inc., the U.S. Department of Justice said Monday.

*Indictment attached | Read full article »*

## Ex-CEO Gets Over 4 Years For Cooking Hedge Fund's Books

A Manhattan federal judge hit former Premium Point Investments CEO Anilesh "Neil" Ahuja with 50 months in prison Monday for directing a scheme to overinflate his fallen hedge fund's assets by $100 million, rejecting a defense argument that his underlings were responsible.

*Read full article »*

## SEC Expands Ad Fraud Suit Against Outcome Health Execs

Less than two weeks after federal prosecutors and regulators targeted a former Outcome Health executive over an alleged "massive" advertising fraud scheme, three additional former executives have been named in the parallel criminal and civil cases, according to court documents filed Monday.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

## Epstein Guards Face April Trial, Decry Broken Prison System

A Manhattan federal judge on Monday set an April trial date for two prison guards charged with failing to check on inmates the night wealthy financier

Law360 Pro Say Podcast
Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS

Allen &amp; Overy
Bartle &amp; Marcus
Berger Harris
Bird &amp; Bird
Blank Rome
Boies Schiller
Bruce S. Rogow PA
Buschel &amp; Gibbons
Butler Royals
Cahill Gordon
Clifford Chance
Cloth Fair Chambers
Consovoy McCarthy
Cotsirilos Tighe
Cravath Swaine
Critchley Kinum
Crowley Fleck
Doughty Street Chambers
Fried Frank
German May
Hogan Lovells
Holwell Shuster
Jackson Lewis

EFTA00032932</fcel></news-alt@law360.com>

and sex offender Jeffrey Epstein killed himself in his cell, overruling bids by the defense to delay.

Read full article »

INVESTIGATIONS

## Justices Pause House Panel’s Trump Records Subpoena

A House committee must wait to enforce a subpoena on President Donald Trump's longtime accounting firm seeking eight years of his business records, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Monday, allowing Trump's attorneys to file a petition to the high court.

Order attached | Read full article »

COMPLIANCE

## Alstom UK Unit Ordered To Pay £16.4M For African Bribes

A judge ordered the British subsidiary of Alstom SA to pay £16.4 million ($21 million) on Monday after it was convicted of bribing officials to secure a lucrative infrastructure contract in Africa, closing the Serious Fraud Office's long-running probe into the French rail and energy giant's worldwide business dealings.

Read full article »

SECURITIES

## Insider Trading Verdict Backed By Evidence, 1st Circ. Rules

A jury had ample evidence to convict a man of passing along inside information about a tire company merger from his wife, the company's general counsel, despite newly unearthed documents and witnesses that he says show there was public news of the imminent merger, the First Circuit has ruled.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

## DOJ, Mine Investors Say Och-Ziff Unit Can’t Duck Restitution

At the court's beckoning, the U.S. Department of Justice and investors in an African mining company each said Friday that an Och-Ziff Capital Management Group unit can't be excused from paying restitution over a bribery scheme.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

## Qatar PM Wanted To Be Barclays’ ‘Special Gulf Guy,’ Jury Told

The former prime minister of Qatar wanted to be Barclays' "special Gulf guy" in the bank's financial crisis-era fundraising and was against other Middle Eastern investors participating, a London jury heard during testimony from the bank's rainmaker in the region on Monday.

Read full article »

## Three Traders In Newswire Hack Plot Liable For $47.6M

Three traders and their companies are liable for nearly $47.6 million after years of ignoring a 2015 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission suit alleging that they traded off of stolen earnings information, a New Jersey federal judge said Monday.

Order attached | Read full article »

## Al Co. Investor Says Founder Skimmed Assets, Nuked Critics

An investor in augmented intelligence company MondoBrain Inc. accused its founder Monday of skimming company assets and setting up deals that benefited him personally, with critics subjected to "nuclear" retaliation, during arguments in Delaware Chancery Court over blocking the conduct.

Jenner &amp; Block

Jones Day

Katten

Keker Van Nest &amp; Peters

Kirkland &amp; Ellis

LeClairRyan

Martin G. Weinberg PC

McGuireWoods

Michael Best

Milbank LLP

Modus Law

Monico &amp; Spevack

O'Hagan Meyer

Paul Weiss

PilieroMazza PLLC

Proskauer Rose

QEB Hollis Whiteman

Quinn Emanuel

Rimon PC

Robbins Russell

Saul Ewing

Sidley Austin

Three Raymond Buildings

Wilson Sonsini

Young Conaway

## COMPANIES

Alstom SA

Amazon.com Inc.

American Bar Association

American Civil Liberties Union

American Federation of Labor and

Congress of Industrial

Organizations

Apollo Tyres Ltd.

Apple Inc.

Bumble Bee Foods LLC

Bunge Ltd.

Capital One Financial Corp.

Citizens Financial Group Inc.

ContextMedia Inc.

Cooper Tire &amp; Rubber Co.

Court of Arbitration for Sport

Deutsche Bank AG

Instagram Inc.

International Olympic Committee

JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.

Lambda Legal Defense &amp;

Educational Fund

Mazars USA LLP

Microsoft Corp.

EFTA00032933

EFTA00032934

Read full article »

# PUBLIC INTEGRITY

## 'Bridgegate' Convictions For Fraud Must Stand, Justices Told

Two former associates of ex-New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie were convicted for lying about a purported traffic study to create massive gridlock as part of the "Bridgegate" scandal and not for hiding political motives for an otherwise lawful decision, prosecutors have said in urging the U.S. Supreme Court to maintain the convictions.

Brief attached | Read full article »

## Roger Stone's Bid To Shake Guilty Verdicts Falls Flat

Former Trump campaign adviser Roger Stone can't escape guilty verdicts on the seven felony charges against him because he made no argument that the evidence used to convict him was lacking in any way, a D.C. federal judge explained Monday.

Order attached | Read full article »

# CYBERSECURITY

## Assange Not Fit For US Extradition Hearing, Doctors Say

More than 60 doctors have written to British authorities saying they fear Wikileaks founder Julian Assange could die in prison unless he gets medical treatment before a trial hearing as the U.S. seeks to extradite him to face espionage charges.

Read full article »

# SANCTIONS

## Apple Strikes Deal With Treasury Over Sanctions Lapse

Apple Inc. will pay nearly $467,000 to the U.S. Department of the Treasury for allegedly hosting a sanctioned Slovenian software developer on its platform and processing more than $1 million in payments to the company, the Treasury Department announced Monday.

Notice attached | Read full article »

# LEGAL ETHICS

## Avenatti Attack On Fraud Charge Is 'Hyperbole,' Gov't Says

Michael Avenatti ignores the "unmistakable" wording of an allegation that he defrauded a client as he plotted to extort millions from Nike Inc., the federal government has told a New York judge, hoping to knock down the lawyer's arguments that the indictment against him is flawed because it doesn't use the word "bribe."

Memorandum attached | Read full article »

# IMMIGRATION

## Ex-China Diplomat Hit With 16 Years On Forced Labor Rap

A former Chinese diplomat convicted at trial of using workers from his home country as forced labor for U.S. construction projects was sentenced Monday to nearly 16 years in prison, with a New York federal judge decrying a yearslong scheme to profit off of alleged slaves.

Read full article »

# GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

## US Sues Contractor Over 'Sham Office' Used To Earn $52M

National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
National Rifle Association of America
Nike Inc.
Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC
Outcome Health
Planned Parenthood Federation
UnitedLex Corp.
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.
World Anti-Doping Agency
YouTube Inc.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Delaware Court of Chancery
Executive Office of the President
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Federal Reserve System
Maryland Attorney General's Office
Office of Foreign Assets Control
Port Authority of New York &amp; New Jersey
Securities and Exchange Commission
Serious Fraud Office
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of the Treasury
U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois

The U.S. government has accused an Idaho-based company of fraudulently obtaining more than $52 million in federal contracts by allegedly creating a sham office with no-show employees to qualify for benefits intended to help small businesses in economically depressed areas.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

## SPORTS &amp; BETTING

### Ex-Marketing Exec Cops To Embezzling $22M For Poker, Debts

A professional poker player and former executive at digital marketing company StyleHaul Inc. has admitted to embezzling more than $22 million from his employer and spending that money gambling and paying off his credit cards, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.

*Read full article »*

### Russia Should Face Olympic Ban, Anti-Doping Panel Says

A World Anti-Doping Agency committee recommended Monday that Russia face a four-year ban from the Olympics and other international competitions after finding the country had destroyed or altered doping test data it was required to turn over because of past allegations of state-sponsored doping.

*Read full article »*

## COMPETITION

### Ex-Bumble Bee CEO Admits Getting Non-Public Info On Rivals

Over repeated objections by defense attorneys, federal prosecutors on Monday cross-examined ex-Bumble Bee CEO Chris Lischewski about allegations that he engaged in tuna-industry price fixing, drawing out concessions that he “occasionally” received non-public information from competitors and “may have” asked his employees to gather it.

*Memorandum attached | Read full article »*

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### Series

### Judging A Book: Donald Reviews 'Usual Cruelty'

The provocative new book by Alec Karakatsanis, "Usual Cruelty: The Complicity of Lawyers in the Criminal Injustice System," shines a searing light on the anachronism that is the American criminal justice system, says Sixth Circuit Judge Bernice Donald.

*Read full article »*

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### BigLaw Revenue Still On The Rise Through 3rd Quarter 2019

The legal industry has continued to have a strong year through the third quarter, according to a report released Monday by the Wells Fargo Private Bank's Legal Specialty Group, although numbers have not reached the peak levels seen in 2018.

*Read full article »*

### Kavanaugh Interested In Revisiting Executive Power Doctrine

Justice Brett Kavanaugh on Monday said he is open to the idea of reviving the so-called nondelegation doctrine in a future case, the latest conservative on the court to suggest support for bringing back separation of powers principles that one liberal justice feared would make "most of government" unconstitutional.

*Read full article »*

## High Court Won't Hear 'Serial' Subject Syed's New Trial Appeal

U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
U.S. Supreme Court

EFTA00032935

The U.S. Supreme Court decided Monday it won't hear Adnan Syed's appeal challenging his 19-year-old murder conviction, which was profiled in the popular podcast "Serial," leaving intact a controversial 4-3 ruling by Maryland's high court that denied Syed a new trial due to his defense counsel's shortcomings.

Read full article »

## 9th Circ. Pick's Views Too Extreme, Liberal Groups Warn

After a party-line committee vote last week to advance the nomination of former Nevada Solicitor General Lawrence VanDyke to the Ninth Circuit, liberal groups have urged senators to block his confirmation, saying his record shows an extreme ideological agenda.

Read full article »

## Allen &amp; Overy Matches Milbank On Associate Bonuses

Magic Circle firm Allen &amp; Overy is the latest to follow the example set by Milbank LLP, with the firm confirming Monday that it will be awarding bonuses for its associates that are in line with the levels provided at Milbank and several other firms this year.

Read full article »

## LeClairRyan, Joint Venture Settle Worker's Pay Bias Suit

Defunct law firm LeClairRyan PLLC and its operational services joint venture with UnitedLex have settled claims that they discriminated against a former marketing employee by paying her less than a male subordinate.

Read full article »

## Interview

## 15 Minutes With Citizens Financial Group's General Counsel

Steve Gannon, the top lawyer at Citizens Financial Group, has been representing similar institutions for most of his career. Here, he shares the regulatory changes happening in his industry, the aspects of his company and role that motivate him to work each day, and his priorities as general counsel.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  **White Plains boutique seeks associate litigator (3-7 yrs)** | **Mid-sized White Plains firm seeks municipal government associate**  |
| --- | --- |
|  KLR Davis | KLR Davis  |
|  White Plains, New York | White Plains, New York  |
|  **Associate – Business Litigation (Wilmington, DE)** | **Real Estate Associate - (Newark, NJ Office)**  |
|  McCarter & English, LLP | McCarter & English, LLP  |
|  Wilmington, Delaware | Newark, New Jersey  |
|  **Government Inv & White Collar Litigation Associate** | **White Collar & Investigations Associate Attorney - Midlevel**  |
|  McGuireWoods LLP | Perkins Coie LLP  |
|  Los Angeles & Chicago, - | Seattle, Washington  |

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

EFTA00032936

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032937