From:
To:

Subject: RE: Arlan Ettinger
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2019 22:23:11 +0000

I think that's fine. We don't yet have possession of any properties, so would be at best premature.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 2:36 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Arlan Ettinger

These guys want to help auction Jeffrey Epstein’s property. I assume there’s nothing particular going on with Epstein’s property that we’re involved in. I’m planning to send them a response something on the order of “Thank you for your letter, which has been forwarded to our Office for response. We will file it in the event we have any occasion to follow up on your offer of services.”

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 2:06 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Arlan Ettinger

What is the right way to handle this? It seems to be an offer by Guernsey’s Auctioneers &amp; Brokers to be retained to handle the disposition of Epstein’s property. I was assigned to respond to this. Please advise.
Thanks

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 1:57 PM
To:
Subject: Arlan Ettinger

Good afternoon!

I have been advised to forward you the attached correspondence from Arlan Ettinger, President of Guernsey’s Auctioneers &amp; Brokers. The letter is regarding the property of the late Jeffrey Epstein. As advised by Nathaniel Gamble II from ODAG (see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.

Thank you very much in advance.

Best,

U.S. Department of Justice

EFTA00032419

Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys
O: [redacted]
Pronouns: she/ her/ hers

EFTA00032420