EFTA00032722

From: " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " )" &lt; &gt;, " )" &lt; (USANYS)"
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 14:37:07 +0000

Begin forwarded message:

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt; &gt;
Date: June 16, 2021 at 10:23:09 AM EDT
To: Sophia Papapetru &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;
Cc: " )" &lt; &gt;, Christian Everdell
&lt; &gt;
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

Good morning-

As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room
are negatively impacting attorney-client communication.

The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises.

I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately.

Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the
guards presently on Ms. Maxwell’s detail: threatening discipline if
Ms. Maxwell is “off camera” while leaning against a wall to soothe her aching
back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine
and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny.

The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives me reason to be concerned
about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view.

The courtesy of a response is requested.

Thank you-
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main: [ ]
Cell: [ ]
Fax: [ ]

**Covid-19 Notice:** The [ ] office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00032723