From: " " " " &gt;
To: " " " " &gt;

Subject: RE: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Status Conference
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 20:52:44 +0000
Importance: Normal

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 4:52 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;; &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Status Conference

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: NYSD_ECF_Pool@nysd.uscourts.gov <nysd_ecf_pool@nysd.uscourts.gov>
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 4:39 PM
To: CourtMail@nysd.uscourts.gov
Subject: Activity in Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB USA v. Epstein Status Conference

This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended.

***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply.

U.S. District Court
Southern District of New York

EFTA00032698</nysd_ecf_pool@nysd.uscourts.gov>

# Notice of Electronic Filing

The following transaction was entered on 7/8/2019 at 4:38 PM EDT and filed on 7/8/2019

Case Name: USA v. Epstein

Case Number: 1:19-cr-00490-RMB

Filer:

Document Number: No document attached

Docket Text:
Minute Entry for proceedings held before Judge Richard M. Berman: Status Conference as to Jeffrey Epstein held on 7/8/2019. AUSAs [redacted] and [redacted] present; Also present is Special Agent [redacted] and Task Force Officer [redacted]; Defendant present with attorneys Martin Weinberg, Reid Weingarten and Marc Fernich; US Pretrial Officers [redacted] and [redacted] present; initial conference held; defense bail submission is due on 7/11/19 at 12:00 noon; government reply by 7/12/19 at 5:00 pm; Bail hearing is scheduled for 7/15/19 at 10:00 am; See transcript of proceedings held for a complete record; Speedy trial time is excluded for the reasons set forth on the record from 7/8/19 to 7/15/19 pursuant to 18 USC 3161(h)(7)(A) and (B). (Bond Hearing set for 7/15/2019 at 10:00 AM before Judge Richard M. Berman) (Court Reporter Tom Murray) (ap)

1:19-cr-00490-RMB-1 Notice has been electronically mailed to:

[redacted] CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

[redacted] CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

[redacted] CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANYS.ECF@USDOJ.GOV

1:19-cr-00490-RMB-1 Notice has been delivered by other means to:

EFTA00032699