EFTA00032014

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM
To:
Cc:
Christian Everdell
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 17:46:52 +0000

Good afternoon-

Despite being subjected to the most unique, restrictive, and invasive conditions of pretrial confinement, Ms. Maxwell has and continues to be a compliant detainee. She obeys all orders and commands - often muffled by masks, uttered behind prison doors, and/or combined with the din of background noise - as soon as they are audibly discernible.

Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by revolving teams of guards who exert varying degrees of officiousness and contempt toward Ms. Maxwell is the fault of the MDC/BOP, not Ms. Maxwell.

Regards,
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

**Covid-19 Notice:** The [redacted] office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

On Jun 16, 2021, at 11:25 AM, [redacted] wrote:
Hi Bobbi-

I apologize for the delay in response. I have been out of office sick.

We are looking into the concerns you have brought to our attention regarding the VTC units. All of the VTC units throughout the institution are now being stored in this manner as it is a protective barrier for the equipment. With that said, we will be doing test runs to investigate concerns you have mentioned.

Furthermore, Ms. Maxwell must oblige by the orders of the Officers. We offer Ms. Maxwell medical care on a daily basis, which she has declined.

Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds you are requesting to bring into the institution?

Best,

BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt; 6/16/2021 10:23 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Good morning-

As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room are negatively impacting attorney-client communication.

The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises.

I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately.

Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the

guards presently on Ms. Maxwell’s detail: threatening discipline if Ms. Maxwell is “off camera” while leaning against a wall to soothe her aching

back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine

and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny.

The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives me reason to be concerned

about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view.

The courtesy of a response is requested.

Thank you-

Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

EFTA00032015

**Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00032016