From: Access to Justice Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: Discharged In The Dark: Immigrant GIs Fight For Due Process  |
| --- |
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2019 12:50:33 +0000

|  Law36
0 Access
to
Justice | Access to Justice  |
| --- | --- |

# Mavni_9.jpg

## Discharged In The Dark: Immigrant GIs Fight For Due Process

More than 530 immigrant soldiers enlisted in the military through a program that promised to naturalize them as citizens, only to be discharged without warning due to purported security concerns. Now they're fighting for due process in the country they pledged to serve and facing potential persecution in the countries they left behind.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Justices' Answer On Excessive Fines Invites New Questions

After the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling that state and local governments must abide by the constitutional ban on excessive fines, advocates say the fight against civil asset forfeiture is far from over.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## For Prisoners, Privacy Of Attorney Emails An Open Question

Communications with your attorney are usually private, but there's a glaring exception for people in prison. Federal prosecutors can access all emails sent over a system set up by the Bureau of Prisons, and it's unclear how often they might be looking at emails between attorneys and their clients.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Freedom At A Cost: Fighting Court Fees On The Acquitted

In 2017, after two trials and years of legal fees that wiped out his life savings, Curtis Lovelace was acquitted of the murder of his wife, but the court ruled he still had to pay $35,000 as a "bond forfeiture fee," something Lovelace is now arguing is unconstitutional.

[Read full article](Read full article)

## Texas Rebuffed On Mental Fitness Review For Death Row

Monday, February 25, 2019

### LAW FIRMS

- Akerman
- Ashby &amp; Geddes
- Barket Epstein
- Cohen Milstein
- Covington &amp; Burling
- Cozen O'Connor
- DLA Piper
- Debevoise &amp; Plimpton
- Faegre Baker
- Farah &amp; Farah
- Fried Frank
- Gibson Dunn
- Goldberg Segalla
- Greenberg Traurig
- Hogan Lovells
- Holland &amp; Knight
- Hunton Andrews Kurth
- Ice Miller
- Jenner &amp; Block
- Jones Day
- Kirkland &amp; Ellis
- Latham &amp; Watkins
- Mayer Brown
- McDermott Will
- McDonnell Boehnen
- Ogletree Deakins
- Perkins Coie
- Polsinelli
- Riley Safer

EFTA00032448</news-alt@law360.com>

A Texas court relied on outdated and stereotypical rationales to determine that a death row inmate who struggled as a teenager to grasp basic math was not intellectually disabled and should be executed, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled, reinforcing that established clinical guidelines must underpin such decisions.

Read full article

## Fla. Bar Foundation Gets $3.6M From Sanctions For Legal Aid

The Florida Bar Foundation said it has received $3.6 million of the $4.3 million in sanctions from two law firms involved in tobacco litigation and plans to disburse it to qualified legal aid organizations in the Middle District of Florida.

Read full article

## Perspectives

Rumors Of Civil Forfeiture's Death Are Greatly Exaggerated

While the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Timbs v. Indiana ought to be celebrated by the civil forfeiture bar, it should not be viewed as a sea change — for three reasons, says Alexander Klein of Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco LLP.

Read full article

Ropes &amp; Gray
Schiff Hardin
Sidley Austin
Skadden
Stradling Yocca
The Wilner Firm PA
Young Conaway

## COMPANIES

Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
American Civil Liberties Union
American Psychological Association
American Tort Reform Association
Aon Corporation
Burford Capital LLC
Cable News Network Inc.
Cato Institute
Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc.
Cooper Industries PLC
Delta Air Lines Inc.
Google Inc.
Guardian Life Insurance
Hercules Offshore, Inc.
IMF Bentham Ltd.
LinkedIn Corp.
Major Lindsey &amp; Africa
McKinsey &amp; Company
Morgan Stanley
National Association of Counties Inc.
New York State Bar Association
New York Times Co.
Platinum Partners LP
Purdue Pharma LP
Southern Poverty Law Center
Spotify Technology SA
Tesla Inc.
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited

EFTA00032449

EFTA00032450

The American Legion
The Catholic Diocese of Wilmington Inc.
The Florida Bar
The State University of New York
Therium Capital Management Ltd.
United Continental Holdings Inc.
Warner Bros.
Willis Towers Watson PLC

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services
Chicago Department of Aviation
Chicago Transit Authority
European Union
Executive Office of the President
Federal Trade Commission
Financial Conduct Authority
Florida Supreme Court
Illinois Supreme Court
Information Commissioner's Office
Maryland-National Capital
Park and Planning Commission
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Army
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Department of Defense
U.S. Department of Education
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Labor
U.S. Department of Transportation
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.

However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032451