From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;, " )"

Subject: RE: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell

Date: Tue, 31 Aug 2021 00:35:57 +0000

Attachments: USA47_Request_form.pdf; Lit_Consultant_SOW_(Taylor_Trial_Consulting).docx; Budget_Proposal_for_Jury_Consulting_Services_for.docx

Please see attached. I didn't fill out the TIN on the USA47 request form. Please let us know if you need anything further.

Thanks!

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:26 AM

To: &lt;, &gt;; (USANYS) &lt;,

Subject: FW: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell

I found the vendor in UFMS. No need for the vendor form.

From: (USANYS)

Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:14 AM

To: &lt;,

Subject: FW: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell

Hi –

Please complete the USA4 request form, SOW, and have the vendor complete the payment info form. Return to me to process.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Thursday, August 26, 2021 11:03 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell

We are going to go ahead with this litigation consultant. Please work with , , and on it.

Thanks,

EFTA00032620

From: Paulette Taylor &lt;&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 21, 2021 7:16 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: Proposed Budget -- USA v. Maxwell

Here is the budget for the focus group, pretrial juror questionnaire, and feedback on the opening statement and closing argument.

The proposal does not assume we would review and grade the completed juror questionnaires. As I noted in the proposal, the cost is approximately $8,000 per 100 questionnaires as we can grade only 5 or 6 an hour. We have not provided this service in recent cases, e.g., Silver and Skelos. However, we have provided it in earlier cases, e.g., Martha Stewart, where we were also present in court during jury selection.

I am suggesting we hold the focus group on Friday, October 1, subject to consensus among the team. I can be available on other dates as necessary.

Let me know what questions you have.

—Paulette

Taylor’d Trial Consulting
Paulette Taylor, President
[REDACTED]

EFTA00032621