EFTA00031941

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Ce: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters

Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 18:26:54 +0000

Hi

Thanks very much for checking, that's helpful, and glad to know it's just those two cases.

Best,

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 1:12 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: &lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;

Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters

It appears that we only have 2 FOIA cases on Epstein— NY Times case before Judge Engelmayer and Radar Online case before Judge Gardephe, 17 Civ. 3956 (PGG).

Please let me know if I can help in any way.

From: &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:09 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: &lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;

Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters

Hi

Just following up to see if you found out anything from the civil clerks. Thanks for your help with this.

Best,

On Mar 12, 2021, at 11:22 AM, &lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt;;&lt; wrote:

Thanks, . Much appreciated.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:18 AM

To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt; &lt;REDACTED&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein/FOIA matters

Hi [REDACTED]. I am copying [REDACTED] who is handling the main matter before Judge Engelmayer and who likely would know if there are related FOIAs. I will also ask our civil clerk.

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 12, 2021, at 10:59 AM, [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt; wrote:

Hi [REDACTED],

In connection with a criminal discovery matter, [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] and I are trying to find a list of all Jeffrey Epstein-related FOIA lawsuits that the Civil Division has handled (either pending or historical). Our chiefs suggested that you might be able to help us generate that list – if you have any guidance or information on how we could track this down, we’d really appreciate your help. Or if there’s someone else we should reach out to in the Civil Division instead, please let us know.

Thanks so much—

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00031942