From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <redacted>
Subject: Harvard, NYU Law Reviews Biased Against White Men, Suit Says
Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2018 07:31:30 +0000

EFT A00032964

Law360 New York
NEW YORK

Wednesday, October 10, 2018
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Hoops Recruit's Dad Tells Jury Cash Wasn't Only Factor

The father of former University of Louisville recruit Brian "Tugs" Bowen told a Manhattan jury Tuesday that the hoops powerhouse was the right place for his son regardless of cash payments he received, as lawyers for three men accused of funneling illegal secret payments from Adidas to the basketball dad pushed the narrative that they had no criminal intent. Read full article »

### Harvard, NYU Law Reviews Biased Against White Men: Suit

The law reviews at Harvard Law School and the New York University School of Law discriminate against white men when selecting their members and which articles they will publish, according to a pair of suits filed in Massachusetts and New York federal courts. Read full article »

### Ex-Goldman CEO Aide Accused In Wine Theft Leaps To Death

A former assistant to the CEO of Goldman Sachs who was expected to plead guilty on Tuesday to stealing $1.2 million in rare wines from his former employer was found dead at a Manhattan hotel that afternoon in an apparent suicide. Read full article »

### Royal Park Can't Revive $3.7B RMBS Suit, NY Court Rules

A New York appellate court said Tuesday that a lower court was right to toss Royal Park Investments SA/NV's $3.7 billion suit accusing four major banks of committing fraud in connection with the sale of residential mortgage-backed securities, finding the Belgian bank did not have standing to bring negligence and fraud claims. Read full article »

### 2nd Circ. Mulls Unsettled McDonnell Issues In Guinean Case

A convicted former Guinean mining minister's attorney told an appeals court panel on Tuesday that the Supreme Court's McDonnell ruling should apply to foreign bribery law, leading one appellate judge to muse that the Second Circuit has yet to limit the ruling to specific laws. Read full article »

## INSURANCE

### Insurer Must Pay $1.2M In Tainted Milk Row, 2nd Circ. Told

Harleysville Worcester Insurance Co. on Tuesday urged the Second Circuit to uphold a ruling that it is entitled to reimbursement from Wesco Insurance Co. for nearly $1.2 million Harleysville shelled out defending and settling two suits accusing a trucking company of delivering contaminated milk to a dairy plant, saying that Wesco forfeited its primary arguments. Read full article »

## SECURITIES &amp; WHITE COLLAR

Law360 Pro Say Podcast

Listen to our new podcast here

### LAW FIRMS

- Alston &amp; Bird
- Arnold &amp; Porter
- Belkin Burden
- Brown Law Firm
- Cassin &amp; Cassin
- Clifford Chance
- Cravath Swaine
- Davis Polk
- Donnelly Conroy
- Dorsey &amp; Whitney
- Fried Frank
- Greenberg Traurig
- Hengeler Mueller
- Jones Day
- Kellogg Hansen
- Kennedys CMK
- Kent Beatty
- Korein Tillery
- Latham &amp; Watkins
- LeClairRyan
- Lee Litigation Group
- Loeb &amp; Loeb
- Manatt Phelps</redacted>

EFTA00032965

# Ex-Marks Paneth Accountant Charged In $2M IP Scheme

Federal authorities in Florida have arrested the former managing partner of a Manhattan accounting firm on charges he defrauded investors of $2 million through a sham intellectual property company he created. Read full article »

# Shareholder Fires Back At Dismissal Bids In 6D Global Suit

A 6D Global Technologies Inc. shareholder on Friday swatted back at a trio of dismissal bids in New York federal court, deriding "feeble attempts" by the company, its former directors and a private equity firm's CEO to escape claims that they allowed the digital marketing company's share price to be manipulated. Read full article »

# PRODUCT LIABILITY

# Starbucks Sued Over White Chocolate Energy Drink Labeling

A New York Starbucks customer is suing the coffee chain in Manhattan federal court, claiming it has deliberately deceived customers by selling white chocolate-flavored energy drinks that do not contain white chocolate. Read full article »

# INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

# Instagram Art Show Was Fair Use, Richard Prince Says

Visual artist Richard Prince is pushing to end copyright litigation over his Instagram-themed art exhibit, arguing he was allowed to display largely unaltered versions of other artists' images because he used them in "a radically different aesthetic context." Read full article »

# MEDIA &amp; ENTERTAINMENT

# Nicki Minaj Didn't Return Rental Clothes, NY Stylist Claims

A professional stylist accused rap star Nicki Minaj in New York state court on Friday of failing to pay for $73,000 worth of clothes and styling services, saying he was now facing "serious financial hardship" because she stifled him. Read full article »

# EMPLOYMENT

# Bloomberg Workers Seek $13.8M In Costs, Fees In OT Suit

A class of Bloomberg LP help desk representatives have told a New York federal judge they are entitled to $13.77 million in attorneys' fees and costs in their suit alleging the company wrongfully excluded them from overtime pay, the same day the parties sought final approval of a settlement in the case. Read full article »

# III. Atty Accused Of Defaming EB-5 Fund To Chinese Investors

The U.S. Immigration Fund LLC has sued an Illinois attorney, his business partner and a Hong Kong consulting firm for fraud and defamation in New York state court, alleging they defrauded the EB-5 center out of millions by making false statements about the center to Chinese investors seeking EB-5 visas and inducing them to withdraw their capital from the fund. Read full article »

# BANKRUPTCY

# FIKA's Proposed $11M Sale To Ch. 11 Lender Approved

FIKA, a bankrupt New York City coffee chain inspired by Swedish coffee culture, inched forward Tuesday in its bid to sell the business to its secured lender in Chapter 11 for roughly $11.4 million and remain in operation. Read full article »

Meister Seelig &amp; Fein
Morgan Lewis
Moskowitz LLP
Nexsen Pruet
Nijman Franzetti
Norton Rose Fulbright
Ogletree Deakins
Otterbourg PC
Pinsent Masons
Riker Danzig
Robbins Geller
Sidley Austin
Spolzino Smith
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Tarter Krinsky
Weil Gotshal
Willkie Farr

# COMPANIES

Adidas AG
Agri-Mark Inc.
Altman Weil Inc.
Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
Ampal-American Israel Corp.
Barilla Holding SpA
Barnes &amp; Noble Inc.
Bayer AG
Bloomberg
CVC Capital Partners
Chicago Bar Association
Credit Suisse Group AG
Delek Drilling
Deutsche Bank AG
Equifax Inc.
First Republic Bank
Fordham University
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
HSBC Holdings PLC
HighQ Solutions Ltd.
Honeywell International Inc.
Instagram Inc.
Intel Corp.
International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
Kraft Foods Inc.
LexisNexis Group
LinkedIn Corp.
Lone Star Funds
M&amp;T Bank Corp.

# Ampal Reaches $150M Deal To Resolve Gas Row With Egypt

Bankrupt Ampal-American Israel Corp. has reached a $150 million deal to resolve several arbitrations involving Egypt and two state-owned oil and gas companies — one of which resulted in a $1.033 billion arbitral award against Egypt — stemming from a terminated natural gas deal, according to documents filed in New York bankruptcy court. Read full article »

## CORRECTED: Ex-Exec Of Modi Jewelry Co. Seeks Access To D&amp;O Coverage

The ex-president of a company owned by billionaire jeweler Nirav Modi on Thursday asked a New York bankruptcy court for an order allowing one of his company's directors and officers insurance to pay for his legal defense, saying the policy proceeds are not estate property. Correction: A previous version of this story incorrectly identified the individual filing the motion. The error has been corrected. Read full article »

## BANKING

## NCUA Seeks Sub To Bring RMBS Suit Against Deutsche Bank

The National Credit Union Administration has urged a New York federal judge to allow the substitution of a new plaintiff to pursue claims against Deutsche Bank National Trust Co. over a number of residential mortgage-backed securities trusts, arguing that this swap would address standing issues highlighted in a similar suit brought by the agency against U.S. Bank. Read full article »

## ENERGY &amp; ENVIRONMENTAL

## High Court Won't Review NY Honeywell Cleanup Fight

The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to resurrect a suit by upstate New York residents against Honeywell International Inc. that accused the company of exposing them to "hazardous concentrations of toxic vapor" during a cleanup of Onondaga Lake. Read full article »

## REAL ESTATE &amp; DEVELOPMENT

## NYC Real Estate Week In Review

More than a dozen law firms landed work on the largest New York City transactions for which deeds were filed last week, with Loeb &amp; Loeb LLP helping Bank of New York Mellon Corp. land a $352 million purchase of an office building one block north of One World Trade Center. Read full article »

## Real Estate Rumors: FPA, Pentaurus, Mautner-Glick

FPA Multifamily has reportedly bought an Illinois apartment complex for $65 million, real estate investment firm Pentaurus is said to have picked up 60 Florida town homes for $13 million, and Mautner-Glick has reportedly bought two New York residential and retail buildings for $19 million. Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Defamation In Litigation: A Primer On Privileges In NY

Under New York law, statements made in court and other litigation-related communications are, in most cases, privileged. But these privileges have limits, and it behooves litigants — particularly those inclined to speak publicly about their cases — to be aware of them, says Jonathan Bloom of Weil Gotshal &amp; Manges LLP. Read full article »

## Opinion

Trump Family Tax History: A Professional Evaluation

Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research
Microsoft Corporation
Monsanto Co.
Morgan Stanley
National Basketball Association
National Collegiate Athletic Association
New York Post
New York Times Co.
New York University
Noble Energy, Inc.
Signature Bank
Square Inc.
Starbucks Corporation
The Bank of New York Mellon Corp.
U.S. Bancorp
UBS AG
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law
UnitedLex Corp.
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services
Delaware Court of Chancery
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Election Commission
Illinois Supreme Court
Internal Revenue Service
International Chamber of Commerce
National Credit Union Administration
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
U.S. Supreme Court
United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York

EFTA00032966

From his perspective as a tax defense attorney for the past 30 years, Steve Moskowitz of Moskowitz LLP weighs in on the allegations of past tax impropriety by the Trump family. Read full article »

**Knowledge Management: An Unsung Hero Of Legal Innovation**

As technology evolves, law firms are increasingly looking for ways to improve communication, transparency and service for their clients. Firms should put knowledge management at the core of their value proposition to create a competitive advantage, says Rob MacAdam at HighQ. Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

**Gains Stall For Female Partners In Numbers, Salaries**

The number of female equity partners at top law firms has barely budged in more than a decade, with few signs of women making significant inroads into the upper tiers of management or earning as much as men, according to a report from the National Association of Women Lawyers. Read full article »

**Justice Kavanaugh Not Shy At 1st Supreme Court Arguments**

Justice Brett Kavanaugh got off to a quick start at the U.S. Supreme Court following a rocky confirmation battle over sexual misconduct claims that divided the nation, asking numerous questions Tuesday at his first pair of oral arguments just days after he was sworn in as President Donald Trump's second appointee to the high court. Read full article »

**When A Justice's Vote Is Pivotal, Politics Rules: Study**

A closely divided high court is more likely to hand down decisions that were determined on ideological grounds and were intended to reshape the law, rather than relying on legal precedent, new research shows. Read full article »

**Dorsey &amp; Whitney Names New Managing Partner**

Minneapolis-based Dorsey &amp; Whitney LLP on Tuesday named Bill Stoeri, a trial lawyer who has worked at the law firm for more than 30 years, as its new managing partner starting next year. Read full article »

**Feature**

**Chicago Courts Join Judiciary's Sex Harassment Reckoning**

After disciplining a judge for allegedly sexually harassing a prosecutor, Chicago's court system this month is set to hold its first-ever training on sexual harassment for all of its nearly 400 judges, part of a growing trend in state courts as they grapple with #MeToo. Read full article »

**Adidas Taps Bayer US Legal Head For New General Counsel**

The former head of legal for Bayer U.S. has been appointed general counsel of Adidas AG, the Germany-based sportswear manufacturer said Tuesday. Read full article »

Interview

**15 Minutes With Barilla's Americas General Counsel**

General counsel of the Americas for Barilla Group, Talita Erickson, recently spoke to Law360 about what she looks for in outside counsel, what she thinks about the billable hour, and the recent regulations that have had the most impact on her business. Read full article »

**Legal Tech Download: A Lawsuit-Generating Chatbot**

The world of legal technology is quickly evolving, with new products coming to market in rapid succession. Here, Law360 takes a look at five recent developments. Read full article »

JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

EFTA00032967

EFTA00032968

Associate
Mendes &amp; Mount, LLP
New York, New York

Employment Associate / NY mid-size law firm
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

Labor &amp; Employment Associate
Epstein Becker &amp; Green, PC
New York, New York

Billing Coordinator Elite Enterprise Billing Systems
National Law Firm
Great Neck, New York

Senior Finance Paralegal - Structured Finance
TOP AM LAw Firm
New York, New York

Trademark Legal Assistant
Arnold &amp; Porter
New York, New York

Hogan Lovells US LLP - New York Office - Intellectual Property Associate, Junior Level
Hogan Lovells US LLP
NEW YORK, New York

Tax Manager- Trust &amp; Estates
Grassi &amp; Co.
Jericho, New York

L&amp;E Partner - Mid-sized NYC law firm
Schoen Legal Search
New York City, New York

Professional Development Coordinator - Attorney Training and Development
Filcro Legal Staffing
New York, New York

Corporate Law - Paralegal Supervisor
TOP AM LAw Firm
New York, New York

Global Mobility Services Specialist
Filcro Legal Staffing
New York, New York

Corporate Associate (New York Office)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
New York, New York

Litigation Associate
Lipsius BenHaim Law LLP
Kew Gardens, New York

Junior and Mid-Level Associates for D&amp;O/Financial Lines Coverage &amp; Litigation Group
Kennedys CMK LLP
New York, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011