From:

Subject: RE: FW: Requests

Date: Tue, 30 Jun 2020 14:50:48 +0000

Thanks for the explanations.

From:

Sent: Friday, June 26, 2020 1:15 PM

To:

Subject: RE: FW: Requests

I hope this provides further clarity.

- For the "Hot List" (or the high risk list), it is dated August 30, 2019, which is after the events in question. Do you have these from the period of June 26, 2019 through August 10, 2019? The hot list file provided begins with the AUG 30 list. If you scroll down, you'll find previous lists going back to the beginning of July 2019. The list is updated and re-distributed anytime someone is added or removed from the list. The inmate of interest here was never placed on the hot list.
- You are still working on getting us the following:
- Finalized versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13;
- An updated suicide prevention PowerPoint presentation; and
- Watch call tracking sheets Yes to all of this.
- Finally, with respect to our request for all SROs during the time of assignment to the SHU, that seems excessively burdensome. Rather, if possible, can you locate the SROs related to Epstein only? The head of the records department at MCC, who is Case Management Coordinator Schnahider Demosthenes reported the central file for Epstein was taken by the FBI following the inmate's death. I've asked him to double check that just to make sure and I'll let you know if anything changes. If the file was taken, any SROs would have been included in that file and are no longer accessible to us.
- Is there something called a "SHU report" that is different from an SRO? Yes, I'm trying to see if MCC maintains old copies of these. Much like the LTs logs, in previous institutions I've worked at, these were filed for one year but I don't know the practice at MCC. I do believe there is a copy of the last one that Epstein appeared on that I will try to track down. The SHU report is a document that contains the name and photo of each inmate in the SHU at a given time. The report also contains comments specific to each inmate by a number of different departments. As with the other things I'm waiting on, I'll send what I'm able to dig up as soon as I find it.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Thank you very much for this extremely clear and helpful email. Just a few follow-up points:

- For the "Hot List" (or the high risk list), it is dated August 30, 2019, which is after the events in question. Do you have these from the period of June 26, 2019 through August 10, 2019?
- You are still working on getting us the following:
- Finalized versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13;
- An updated suicide prevention PowerPoint presentation; and
- Watch call tracking sheets

EFTA00032572

- Finally, with respect to our request for all SROs during the time of assignment to the SHU, that seems excessively burdensome. Rather, if possible, can you locate the SROs related to Epstein only?
- Is there something called a "SHU report" that is different from an SRO?

From:
Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 6:21 PM
To:
Subject: Re: FW: Requests

All,

I hope my responses below serve to clear up some of the issues you had with the documentation that was provided. I continue to work to obtain the missing items and will send them as I receive any additional documents. Please let me know if you have further questions and I'll be happy to address anything that is still unclear.

Many of the requests made, such as ICT agenda, cellmate policies and SHU policies are not one-stop-shops. These issues are covered in a number of different policies, therefore I tried to include all policies that reference those topics.

1. We received unsigned Word versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13. Are there finalized versions? Executive Assistant Lee Plourde handles the finalizing of the supplements. He's on leave and will address this upon his return on Monday, June 29, 2020.
2. Why were we given the BOP Correctional Services Procedures Manual? Which of our requests is this responsive to? Section 310 of this policy covers inmate accountability in the SHU. You requested 5511.08 and this section in the CSPM overlaps some of those same policies.
3. Why were we given the BOP Suicide Prevention Program Statement? Which of our requests is this responsive to? This policy covers staff training requirements for ICT and Quarterly SHU training. I included the policy because it directly correlated with other requests.
4. We were also given a Powerpoint entitled Suicide Prevention for Inmates. Which of our requests is this responsive to? When is this document from? The slide show is the Psychology portion of the SHU Training you requested. It is dated 1/2/2014. I have requested an updated version that would have been used more closely to the time of assignment to SHU. I'm just waiting for Psychology staff to provide me whatever it is they used at that time.
5. We were provided a document titled Introduction to Correctional Techniques from January 2020. Which of our requests is this responsive to? Is it the MCC institutional familiarization training outline? If so, we would request one from a time when the defendants were actively employed at MCC (so before August 2019). This is the Institutional Familiarization (IF) outline you requested. It hasn't been called IF for a few years. It is now Introduction to Correctional Techniques (ICT). An earlier version is attached here.
6. We were provided with an undated slide presentation about the MCC SHU. Which of our requests is this responsive to? When is this document from? The slide show was created 1/2/2014 as a part of quarterly SHU training. The quarterly SHU training is primarily conducted through the BOP's online training platform that is a self-guided course that covers a number of topics related to SHU. The official SHU training course is not something I can send or save due to the nature of the course being automated by the training platform and not a hard file.
7. The BOP Code of Ethics is highlighted below. Which document is this? Program Statement 3420.11 is the Standards of Employee Conduct, which covers the dos and don'ts of employment in the BOP. I've attached the DOJ Ethics Handbook here. If there is something specific you're looking for, please let me know.
8. We received digital lieutenant's logs. Is there also a hard copy book? There is no hard copy book of these logs. The logs are saved to a shared folder at the end of each shift. Although I have worked at places that print each log, the Lieutenant's here at NYM reported that that is not the practice here. The LTs here email their logs to the executive staff at the conclusion of each 24 hour period for review purposes. Thus, eliminating a hard copy record system.
9. We were provided with a document called "SHU Logs MW" and a document called "SHU Logs." Can we confirm what these are? Our requests were for SHU Watch Call Logs and SHU Control Center Logs. Those are the digital log books from SHU for the Evening and Morning Watch shifts during the requested time period. I am working on obtaining the actual Watch Call tracking sheets from the main Control Center at MCC which is something different. However, the officer should be logging their watch calls into the digital log book every 30 minutes between 6a - 6p each day.

EFTA00032573

10. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training, which is highlighted below as having been provided? PS 5270.11 as well as the Suicide Prevention policy covers the SHU quarterly training requirement. There is not a separate policy for that.

11. We asked for P.S. 5270.10, but got P.S. 5270.11. Was P.S. 5270.10 provided to us in error? Or was our request incorrect? 5270.10 does not exist. 5270.11 is the policy covering SHU.

12. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on cellmates? I am not aware of any such policy and have struggled to find even a mention of it in the policies I've reviewed. I will continue to search for a policy that references cellmate assignments.

13. In the second email, there is a document called "Hot Lists" dated August 30, 2019. Which of our requests is this responsive to? The "Hot List" is the high risk list. Any inmate on that list who goes to SHU requires immediate notification to Psychology. This is the only "high risk" list the BOP has and I provided it in response to your request for "All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings..."

14. In the second email, [redacted] mentioned that most of the control center paperwork was seized by FBI and/or OIG. Do you or FBI have that paperwork? Has it been provided to us?

15. Finally, what is the status of the remaining requests? As I continue to work from home, I have not personally been able to physically search for the Watch Call sheets. As I previously mentioned, those logs were reportedly seized early on in this investigation. I continue to follow up on this. With regard to the SROs, those reviews are only electronically available for inmates who are currently in SHU and only for the period of their most recent admission to SHU. SROs, assuming they were completed, would then be printed and filed in the inmate's central file. I am currently trying to figure out where Epstein's file is to see if any SROs are in it. If you really want ALL SROs for the period of [redacted] assignment to SHU, that will be an extremely lengthy process of tracking down inmate files, many of whom have released from the BOP or been transferred to any number of institutions across the country, and then requesting any SROs from the specified period of time that are contained in those files be scanned to us. I'm guessing Epstein's file was taken along with all of the other documentation shortly after his death, but I have not confirmed that yet.

```html
|  Special Investigative Agent  |
| --- |
|  MCC New York  |
|  150 Park Row  |
|  New York, NY 10007  |
```

```html
|  >>> | 06/25/20 12:35 PM >>>  |
| --- | --- |
```

Can you please address the questions/discrepancies noted below. Much appreciated.

```html
|  From: |   |
| --- | --- |
```

Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 12:30 PM

To: [redacted]

Cc: [redacted]

Subject: RE: Requests

[redacted]

Some follow up questions related to these materials:

1. We received unsigned Word versions of Program Statements 5511.08 and 5500.13. Are there finalized versions?
2. Why were we given the BOP Correctional Services Procedures Manual? Which of our requests is this responsive to?
3. Why were we given the BOP Suicide Prevention Program Statement? Which of our requests is this responsive to?
4. We were also given a Powerpoint entitled Suicide Prevention for Inmates. Which of our requests is this responsive to? When is this document from?

EFTA00032574

5. We were provided a document titled Introduction to Correctional Techniques from January 2020. Which of our requests is this responsive to? Is it the MCC institutional familiarization training outline? If so, we would request one from a time when the defendants were actively employed at MCC (so before August 2019).

6. We were provided with an undated slide presentation about the MCC SHU. Which of our requests is this responsive to? When is this document from?

7. The BOP Code of Ethics is highlighted below. Which document is this?

8. We received digital lieutenant's logs. Is there also a hard copy book?

9. We were provided with a document called "SHU Logs MW" and a document called "SHU Logs." Can we confirm what these are? Our requests were for SHU Watch Call Logs and SHU Control Center Logs.

10. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training, which is highlighted below as having been provided?

11. We asked for P.S. 5270.10, but got P.S. 5270.11. Was P.S. 5270.10 provided to us in error? Or was our request incorrect?

12. Which document contains the BOP and MCC policy on cellmates?

13. In the second email, there is a document called "Hot Lists" dated August 30, 2019. Which of our requests is this responsive to?

14. In the second email, [redacted] mentioned that most of the control center paperwork was seized by FBI and/or OIG. Do you or FBI have that paperwork? Has it been provided to us?

15. Finally, what is the status of the remaining requests?

Please work on this as quickly as you can. Thanks!

From: [redacted] &lt; Redacted&gt;

Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:59 PM

To: [redacted] &lt; Redacted&gt;

Cc: [redacted]

Subject: FW: Requests

fyi

From: [redacted] &gt; Redacted

Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:53 PM

To: [redacted] &lt; Redacted&gt;

Cc: [redacted]

Subject: Re: Requests

[redacted]

I've attached all the documentation I have pertaining to the below request. I am waiting for a few things from HR and Psychology but wanted to send you what I have right now. I highlighted the items below that are attached in this email.

Let me know if you have any questions.

[redacted]

Special Investigative Agent

MCC New York

150 Park Row

New York, NY 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; " [redacted]" &gt; 06/12/20 1:54 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hi [redacted]:

Hope you and fam have been well, as well as MCC staff.

EFTA00032575

Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation:

- The BOP and MCC Employee Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics, and corresponding employee acknowledgement forms for Defendant Noel.
- The MCC institutional familiarization training outline.
- The BOP and MCC policy on cellmates and local Institutional Supplement on Special Housing Unit Regulations, including Institutional Supplement/Program Statement Number P.S. NYM 5270.10.
- The BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training.
- The Inmate Accountability Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5511.08.
- The Security Inspections Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5500.13.
- SHU Watch Call Logs from August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019.
- All SHU Watch Call Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Control Center Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Operations Lieutenant Log Books completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU reports and SRO reviews completed by the SHU Lieutenant during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.

Many thx!

EFTA00032576