From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: 5 Ways Companies Can Prep For Biden's Anti-Corruption Push  |
| --- |
|  Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 07:35:33 +0000  |
|  Law360 White Collar | WHITE COLLAR  |
| --- | --- |

Thursday, June 17, 2021

Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Analysis
### 5 Ways Companies Can Prep For Biden's Anti-Corruption Push
With President Joe Biden gung-ho about fighting corruption, new anti-money laundering rules looming, and vulnerabilities that were amplified by the pandemic, companies should act now to reexamine and bolster their compliance programs, experts say.
Read full article »

### Robbins Geller Wants To Fight FIFA Suit DQ At 2nd Circ.
Robbins Geller Rudman &amp; Dowd LLP has asked a New York federal judge to give the firm time to appeal his ruling that it committed fraud worthy of disqualification by failing to disclose short positions held by the lead plaintiff in a securities class action stemming from the FIFA corruption scandal, a request the defendant company said comes way too late.
2 documents attached | Read full article »

### Greenberg Traurig's NY Bill May Aid Russian Oligarch Client
Greenberg Traurig successfully lobbied for a New York state bill that will make it harder to enforce foreign judgments, which could be worth $700 million or more to a Vladimir Putin-linked Russian oligarch who is a client of the firm. The state senator who sponsored the bill had no idea.
Letter attached | Read full article »

### Ex-Goldman Exec's Virus-Delayed 1MDB Trial Set For January
Former Goldman Sachs managing director Roger Ng will face trial in January over his purported role in the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, a New York federal judge said Tuesday, rescheduling the proceeding after a pandemic-related delay.
Read full article »

### ENRC Adviser Regrets Lying In SFO Tipoff About Dechert Atty
A former ENRC security consultant testified on Wednesday that he regretted lying in an anonymous letter he sent to the Serious Fraud Office accusing a Dechert attorney investigating alleged corruption at the Kazakh mining company of colluding with the agency's officials.
Read full article »

### NYC Bar Wants Arrest Question On Bar Application Amended
The New York City Bar Association has urged the New York state court system not to ask state bar applicants about their involvement with the

|  Law360 Rising Stars 2021  |
| --- |

### LAW FIRMS
Aidala Bertuna
Akin Gump
Arent Fox
Arnold &amp; Porter
BakerHostetler
Ballard Spahr
Blackstone Chambers
Blank Rome
Bracewell LLP
Brafman &amp; Associates
Cadwalader Wickersham
Clarence Dyer
Cloth Fair Chambers
Clyde &amp; Co
Cohen &amp; Gresser
Cohen Milstein
Conrad &amp; Metlitzky
Constantine Cannon
Cravath Swaine
Crowell &amp; Moring
DLA Piper
Davis Polk
Davis Wright Tremaine

EFTA00032732</news@law360.com>

juvenile justice system or criminal cases that were sealed, adjourned or dismissed.

Read full article »

# Ex-Cognizant Execs Want Cooperator's Bribery Probe Docs

Two former Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. executives charged with foreign bribery are seeking to force an Indian conglomerate to hand over information that could help clear their names, arguing that a New Jersey federal court has jurisdiction over the conglomerate because it cooperated with U.S. investigators.

Motion attached | Read full article »

# Jailed Maxwell Decries 'Raw Sewage,' Nosy Guards

Ghislaine Maxwell cannot defend herself against child sex-trafficking charges with feces raining down in her cell and federal prison guards listening in on her privileged conversations, one of her attorneys told a Manhattan federal judge in a letter Tuesday.

Letter attached | Read full article »

# Ex-NASA Chief Gets 30 Days For Hiding Ties To China

A New York federal judge on Wednesday hesitantly sentenced a NASA nanotechnology pioneer to 30 days in prison for concealing his ties to the Chinese government, pointing out that defendants with lesser bona fides are routinely locked up for lying to the government.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

# COMPLIANCE

# Ex-City National VP Says He Was Fired For Tax Whistleblowing

A former senior vice president for the Royal Bank of Canada's U.S. subsidiary City National Bank sued his ex-employer in California federal court, claiming he was wrongfully fired because he raised concerns about possible tax fraud and misconduct.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

# SECURITIES

# Trader Pushes Back Against Witness In Illumina Insider Trial

Counsel for a San Diego stock speculator accused of insider trading worked Wednesday to undermine the credibility of a former Illumina Inc. accountant who told a Manhattan jury she tipped him to earnings secrets in exchange for envelopes stuffed with cash.

Read full article »

# 6 Members Of $1.7M Tech Insider Trading Ring Get Pinned

Three members of an alleged $1.7 million insider trading ring were hit with criminal charges Tuesday, while much of the ring settled claims lobbed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that they traded off of material nonpublic information on two technology companies.

4 documents attached | Read full article »

# PUBLIC INTEGRITY

# Former Boston Cop 4th To Admit Stealing OT Pay

A retired Boston cop detailed to the department's evidence warehouse admitted Wednesday to embezzling more than $36,000 from the city by filing for overtime hours she never worked, becoming the fourth officer to plead guilty in the scheme.

Read full article »

Dechert

Derek Smith Law Group

Dinsmore &amp; Shohl

Ellsworth Law Firm

Erskine Chambers

Essex Court Chambers

Faegre Drinker

Fine Kaplan

ForsterBoughman

Frankfurt Kurnit

Freshfields

Friedman Kaplan

Gateley PLC

Gelb &amp; Gelb

Gibbons PC

Girardi &amp; Keese

Goodwin Procter

Greenberg Traurig

Haddon Morgan

Hagens Berman

Hogan Lovells

Holland &amp; Knight

Iredale &amp; Yoo

Jomarron Lopez

Jones Day

King &amp; Siegel

Krieger Kim

Lathrop GPM

Law Office of John D. Cline

Levene Neale

Lowenstein Sandler

Margulies Faith

Mayer Brown

McDermott Will

Milbank LLP

Moses &amp; Singer

Neal R. Sonnett PA

Nelson Mullins

Norton Rose

One Essex Court

Orrick Herrington

Paul Weiss

Perkins Coie

Post &amp; Schell

Quinn Emanuel

Robbins Geller

Ropes &amp; Gray

Scharf Banks

Selendy &amp; Gay

Skadden Arps

Squire Patton

EFTA00032733

# INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

## GSK Denied Restitution In Trade Secrets Theft Case

A Pennsylvania federal judge said Monday that GlaxoSmithKline LLC is not entitled to recoup fees and costs incurred by outside counsel from DLA Piper as part of a criminal case over trade secrets stolen from the company.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »

## ENVIRONMENTAL

## Feds Say No To Vacating Guilty Plea In $42M Pollution Case

Government prosecutors urged a Pennsylvania federal judge to reject a contractor's bid to withdraw his guilty plea, arguing there was no difference or conflict of interest between him and his company when he copped to dumping pollutants in the Susquehanna River during a bridge restoration project.

*Brief attached | Read full article »

## APPELLATE

## 1st Circ. OKs Hefty Prison Term For Lottery, Emerald Hoaxes

The First Circuit on Tuesday upheld the conviction and 13-year prison sentence for an Ohio man who sweet-talked victims into parting with their retirement savings and other investments with colorful schemes about uncut emeralds and vast lottery winnings frozen in a New York bank account.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »

## HEALTH

### Analysis

## Escobar 5 Years Later: How FCA Earthquake Is Reverberating

Five years ago Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme Court addressed a billing dispute tied to one patient's treatment at a Massachusetts clinic and in the process rattled the nation's entire False Claims Act docket with new doctrine. Here, Law360 explores the landmark case's aftermath and finds a litigation landscape that hasn't come close to stabilizing.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »*

## NYC Doc Gets Over 4½ Years For Taking Insys Kickbacks

A former New York City doctor on Wednesday was sentenced to more than 4½ years in prison for taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks from now-defunct drugmaker Insys Therapeutics Inc. in exchange for prescribing a powerful fentanyl spray to his patients.

*Read full article »*

## Humana Claims In Telemed RICO Case Advance In Fla. Court

A Florida federal judge has ruled that a telemedicine company and several physicians cannot escape Humana's lawsuit accusing them of preying on its policyholders through a complex nationwide scheme that allegedly billed the insurer for millions of dollars' worth of unnecessary prescription creams.

*Order attached | Read full article »*

## GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS

## San Antonio Man Admits To Role In Air Force Fraud Scheme

A former U.S. Air Force civilian employee has pled guilty to receiving more than $2.3 million in kickbacks and bribes in return for his help in securing

Stroock &amp; Stroock
Swanson &amp; McNamara
Three Raymond Buildings
Vorys Sater
Wachtell Lipton
WilmerHale

## COMPANIES

1-800 Contacts Inc.
7-Eleven Inc.
Amalgamated Transit Union
Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
Apple Inc.
Chevron Corp.
City National Bank
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp.
Equal Justice Initiative
Facebook Inc.
Federation Internationale de Football Association
Fortinet Inc.
George Washington University
Georgetown University
Google LLC
Grupo Televisa SAB
Humana Inc.
ICAP
Illumina Inc.
Infinera Corporation
International Business Machines Corp.
JAMS Inc.
Larsen &amp; Toubro Ltd.
London Stock Exchange Group PLC
Michelin Group
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
New York City Bar Association
New York State Bar Association
PG&amp;E Corp.
Porsche
QUALCOMM Inc.
Royal Bank of Canada
SolarWinds Corp.
Space Exploration Technologies Corp.
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law
Universal Health Services Inc.

EFTA00032734

multimillion-dollar government contracts through a fraud scheme that lasted more than a decade.

Read full article »

TAX

## Magistrate Assigned To Roger Stone's $2M Tax Case Recuses

A U.S. magistrate judge assigned to Roger Stone's $2 million unpaid tax suit in Florida recused himself from the case Wednesday.

Order attached | Read full article »

## COMPETITION

## Ex-Bumble Bee CEO Fights Antitrust Conviction At 9th Circ.

Former Bumble Bee CEO Chris Lischewski urged the Ninth Circuit on Wednesday to overturn his conviction for his role in an alleged tuna price-fixing conspiracy, arguing that the trial judge gave erroneous instructions that provided jurors with too many details on antitrust law and led to his wrongful conviction.

Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Law Firm Talent Must Reflect Shifting US Demographics

Stephanie Scharf at Scharf Banks and Roberta Liebenberg at Fine Kaplan analyze and project U.S. demographic trends to show that law firms that hope to succeed long-term must recruit, retain and advance female lawyers and lawyers of color, and they outline six steps for meeting these goals.

Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

## Client Data Stolen From UK Law Firm Gateley In Cyberattack

London law firm Gateley PLC revealed on Wednesday that it has been targeted by a cyberattack that resulted in some of its clients' information being compromised, making it the latest casualty of an online security breach in the legal industry.

Read full article »

## 7 More Firms Raise Associate Salaries

A host of law firms this week have moved to match Davis Polk &amp; Wardwell LLP and raise U.S. associates' starting salaries, and one firm has combined the announcement with a plan to accelerate its promotion track.

Read full article »

## Federal Claims Judge Confirmed To Md. District Court

A bipartisan Senate vote on Wednesday confirmed a DLA Piper alum to move from the U.S. Court of Federal Claims to a lifetime seat on Maryland's federal district court.

Read full article »

## Cravath Donating $6M Fee To Groups Supporting Civil Rights

Cravath Swaine &amp; Moore LLP announced on Tuesday it will donate $6 million it earned in attorney fees in pro bono work to five national and local Alabama organizations supporting civil rights and diversity efforts.

Read full article »

## Dechert Hit With Discrimination Suit By Ex-Billing Manager

YouTube Inc.

Zeughauser Group LLC

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Consumer Financial Protection Bureau

Economics and Statistics Administration

Executive Office of the President

Federal Trade Commission

Financial Crimes Enforcement Network

Information Commissioner's Office

Internal Revenue Service

National Aeronautics and Space Administration

Serious Fraud Office

U.S. Air Force

U.S. Attorney's Office

U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts

U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York

U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Texas

U.S. Census Bureau

U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit

U.S. Department of Commerce

U.S. Department of Justice

U.S. Department of the Treasury

U.S. District Court for the Central District of California

U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts

U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania

U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania

EFTA00032735

A former billing manager at Dechert LLP said her supervisor created a hostile work environment and set impossibly high standards for her because she was Black, according to a racial discrimination lawsuit she filed against the firm in Pennsylvania federal court Wednesday.

Read full article »

## Girardi's Ex-Clients Go After His Wife In State Malpractice Suit

Former clients of celebrity trial lawyer Thomas V. Girardi, along with the bankruptcy trustee liquidating the embattled attorney's personal property, have urged a California bankruptcy judge to lift a stay so the ex-clients can continue their collection pursuit against his estranged wife, "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star Erika Girardi.

Read full article »

## Analysis

## Khan Goes From Commissioner To Chair In Under 6 Hours

In a single afternoon, Lina Khan was confirmed to the Federal Trade Commission, sworn in, and made its chair in a surprise move that sets up the Big Tech critic for a role she was not anticipated to play and has left observers wondering what to expect.

Read full article »

## Marshals Need More Staff To Protect Judges, DOJ Report Says

Less than a year after the killing of a New Jersey federal judge's son by an angry male rights attorney, a U.S. Department of Justice audit found that the U.S. Marshals Service is understaffed and not properly equipped to protect the judiciary.

Read full article »

## Ex-Orrick Atty Now 'Supreme Court Director' At Georgetown

Georgetown Law's Institute for Constitutional Advocacy and Protection has named former Orrick partner Kelsi Brown Corkran as its first U.S. Supreme Court director, a role in which she will manage the group's litigation strategy for civil rights and criminal justice in the nation's top court.

Read full article »

## NY DAs Urge Gov. Cuomo To Veto Conduct Commission Bill

An association that represents New York state prosecutors urged Gov. Andrew Cuomo to veto a recently passed bill that would create an oversight body to investigate prosecutorial misconduct complaints, saying that the commission would delay and interfere with attorney discipline.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

Mid-Level Litigation Associate
Corr Cronin LLP
Seattle, Washington

NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM
SEEKS PARTNERS
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

Financial Markets Associate (Real Estate Finance)
Jones Day
Irvine, California

U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court
U.S. Uniform Law Commission

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

EFTA00032736

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032737