**SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED**

Bureau of Prisons
Psychology Services
Intake Screening

Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD
Date of Birth: 01/20/1953
Sex: M
Facility: NYM
Date: 07/08/2019 09:24
Provider: [Redacted]
Reg #: 76318-054
Unit Team: A&amp;O

## Limits of Confidentiality
Limits of confidentiality were reviewed with inmate EPSTEIN. He expressed an understanding of the limits of confidentiality and consented to be interviewed accordingly.

## Data Source(s)
The following data sources were reviewed in conjunction with this Initial Intake Evaluation: Self-Report, SENTRY, Staff Observation.
Inmate Epstein is a 66-year-old, Black male who was seen by Psychology Services due to newly arriving at MCC-NY. He denied a history of mental health treatment on his Psychology Services Intake Questionnaire.

## Mental Health History and Current Symptoms
No history of mental health issues was noted.
No history of prior mental health treatment was noted.
No current mental health symptoms were noted.
No suicidal ideation, attempts, or self-harm were noted.

## Substance Abuse
No history of substance abuse was noted.
No history of substance abuse treatment was noted.

## Sex Offenses
No sexual offense convictions were noted.
No history of sexual predation in a correctional setting was noted.

## Relevant Psychosocial History
Noteworthy psychosocial issues: Other.
Inmate Epstein is currently incarcerated for a Sex Trafficking. He stated he was previously incarcerated three months for prostitution. Inmate Epstein stated he is single and does not have any children. He revealed he was living in New York. He stated he completed high school. He stated he was employed in banking work prior to his incarceration.

## Adjustment to Incarceration
Adjustment to incarceration concerns were identified: Other.

### SEXUAL ABUSE HISTORY
Inmate Epstein denied being the victim of physical or sexual abuse. He is currently charged with sex trafficking and has previously been charged with prostitution. He was informed of the programs offered by MCC-NY as well as the Bureau of Prisons. Additionally, he was informed of this institutions self-help program. Inmate Epstein reported he was not currently interested in any treatment programs.

### MENTAL STATUS:
Inmate Epstein appeared calm, controlled, without signs of psychomotor agitation or retardation. He was fully cooperative, maintained good eye-contact, and related in an interpersonally appropriate manner with interviewer. Speech and thought processes were organized, coherent, logical, and goal-directed.

Based on informal assessment during this interview, this inmate's cognitive functioning appeared within normal limits, as reflected by adequate long and short-term memory, good attention, and appropriate concentration during interview, as well as adequate receptive and expressive language skills. Inmate denied any current sleep disturbances and described his appetite as adequate.

This inmate denied recent or present morbid thoughts, passive or active suicidal ideation, intent or plan and contracted for safety. This inmate's verbalizations were optimistic, future oriented, and without indications of helpless or hopeless thinking. Inmate Brown denied any familial history of suicide behaviors or attempts.

This inmate was provided with supportive psychotherapy, and psycho-education to strengthen coping skills and facilitate adjustment to incarceration.

## Findings
Care Level: CARE1-MH
Generated 07/08/2019 09:30 by [Redacted]
Bureau of Prisons - NYM

Page 1 of 2

EFTA00032157

Page 2 of 2

Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD
Date of Birth: 01/20/1953
Sex: M
Facility: NYM
Region: 76318-054
Unit Team: A&amp;O
Date: 07/08/2019 09:24
Provider: [Redacted]

Inmate EPSTEIN denied any history of mental health symptoms or treatment. He denied any current mental health symptoms. He does not meet criteria for any current psychological diagnosis. He meets criteria for Mental Health Care Code 1.

CARE1-MH is indicative of an inmate who shows no significant level of functional impairment associated with a mental illness and demonstrates no need for regular mental health intervention.

## Recommendations

The following psychological services are recommended: Other.

Inmate EPSTEIN was educated about both routine and emergency procedures for contacting Psychology staff. He does not appear to be in distress at this time. He agreed to contact psychology if he feels he needs psychology services in the future. He meets criteria for CC1 and does not require scheduled follow up at this time.

Completed by [Redacted] on 07/08/2019 09:30

Generated 07/08/2019 09:30 by [Redacted]
Bureau of Prisons - NYM
EFTA00032158

Bureau of Prisons Psychology Services
Risk of Sexual Abusiveness
**SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED**

|  Inmate Name: | EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD | Reg #: | 76318-054  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Date of Birth: | 01/20/1953 | Sex: | M  |
|  Date: | 07/08/2019 09:35 | Provider: | Facility: NYM  |
|   |  | Unit Team | A&O  |

# Comments

Risk of Sexual Abusiveness

During the intake screening process, for Inmate Epstein, based on the documentation available at the time of the screening, and Inmate Epstein's self-report, he was identified as being at risk for sexual abusiveness due to previous perpetration of sexual abuse in the community or in an institutional setting, as evidenced by the following objective criteria:

☐ Having a history of prior institutional violence or sexual abuse perpetration
☑ Having a history of prior sexual abuse perpetration in the community
☑ Having prior convictions of violent offenses

As required by P5324.11, Sexually Abusive Behavior Prevention and Intervention, Inmate Epstein was seen by Psychology on today's date to assess his risk factors for sexual abusiveness. At the onset of this clinical contact, the inmate was informed about the BOP requirements regarding PREA. Inmate Epstein indicated he understands the institution's policy against engaging in sexual behavior. His risk factors for sexual abusiveness were assessed and include:

☐ History of prior sexual victimization in prison
☑ History of prior prison sexual predation
☐ History of head injury with loss of consciousness
☐ History of childhood psychological, physical, sexual abuse
☐ Witnessed family violence
☐ Antisocial Personality Disorder traits of irritability/aggressiveness and recklessness
☐ Hypersexuality (defined by eight or more orgasms a week prior to prison)
☐ Hypermasculinity
☐ Other:

Based on this clinical assessment, the inmate is considered to be at:

☑ Low Risk of Abusiveness at this facility (Note: Even though this inmate is judged to be at low risk of sexual abusiveness, an unforeseen change in risk factors may significantly alter his risk level.). Programming recommendations included sex offender treatment. Inmate Epstein declined programming recommendations. The inmate understands the procedure for contacting Psychology for routine or emergent services.

☐ Moderate Risk of Abusiveness. The Unit Team and Correctional Staff have been notified regarding Psychology staff's recommendation that he not be housed in a cell with any inmates identified as at increased risk for sexual victimization. Psychology also recommends a greater level of supervision regarding his work and education assignments. Programming recommendations include XXXXX. Inmate = inmateLastName is agreeable to declined programming recommendations.

☐ High Risk of Abusiveness. It is recommended this inmate be housed in the Special Housing Unit in accordance with P5324.11 to "keep separate those inmates at high risk of being sexually victimized from those at high risk of being sexually abusive" until Correctional Services and Correctional Programs staff can assess his appropriateness for general population at this facility. This inmate should not be housed with any inmates judged to be at an increased risk for sexual victimization. Programming recommendations include XXXXX. Inmate = inmateLastName is agreeable to/ declined programming recommendations.

Generated 07/08/2019 09:41 by
Bureau of Prisons - NYM
EFTA00032159

|  Inmate Name: EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD |   |   |   | Reg #: 76318-054  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Date of Birth: 01/20/1953 |   | Sex: M |   | Unit Team: A&O  |
|  Date: 07/08/2019 09:35 |   | Provider: |   |   |
|  Completed by on 07/08/2019 09:41  |   |   |   |   |
|  Generated 07/08/2019 09:41 by Bureau of Prisons - NYM |   |   |   | Page 2 of 2  |

EFTA00032160

EFTA00032161

# Bureau of Prisons
## Psychology Services
### General Administrative Note

|  Inmate Name: | EPSTEIN, JEFFREY EDWARD | Reg #: | 76318-054  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Date of Birth: | 01/20/1953 | Sex: M | Facility: NYM  |
|  Date: | 07/08/2019 10:41 | Provider: | _______________________  |
|  Unit Team: A&O  |   |   |   |

### Comments

This writer consulted with __________, Central Office, regarding inmate Epstein. Inmate Epstein has various risk factors for suicidality including a high profile case with media attention, sex offense charges, pre-trial status, and a court proceeding today which could potentially be giving him bad news regarding his legal situation. As such, when inmate Epstein returns from court, R&amp;D staff as well as Lieutenant's have been informed to immediately notify the psychology department. If he returns after duty hours, the aforementioned staff were instructed to notify the on-call psychologist and to place inmate Epstein on a watch status until psychology can conduct a thorough suicide risk assessment.

Completed by __________ of Psychologist on 07/08/2019 10:49

Generated 07/08/2019 10:49 by __________

Page 1 of 1