From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Calls For Probes Intensify After Roger Stone Sentence FracasDate: Thu, 13 Feb 2020 08:39:30 +0000

Law360 White Collar

WHITE COLLAR

Thursday, February 13, 2020

Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Analysis

### Calls For Probes Intensify After Roger Stone Sentence Fracas

The U.S. Department of Justice's about-face in the Roger Stone case has fueled calls for investigations into the Trump administration's potential interference into cases against the president's friends, but political and legal obstacles may stand in the way.

Read full article »

### Judge Rejects Roger Stone's Bid For A New Trial

A D.C. federal judge tossed Roger Stone's request for a new trial based on claims that a biased government employee sat on the jury panel, which found him guilty on seven felony charges including lying to Congress about WikiLeaks, according to a court filing unsealed Wednesday.

Order attached | Read full article »

### Ex-Theranos CEO Escapes Charges She Defrauded Doctors

A California federal judge has cut criminal charges alleging former Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes and another executive defrauded doctors and insured patients about the viability of the once high-flying startup's blood-testing technology, but left intact most of the indictment, rejecting defense arguments that it is "unconstitutionally vague."

Order attached | Read full article »

### Boies Denies He Defamed Dershowitz With Epstein Remarks

Prominent litigator David Boies hit back Wednesday against defamation counterclaims by embattled attorney Alan Dershowitz, saying statements he made about Dershowitz's alleged connection to notorious sex offender Jeffrey Epstein were true and protected by the First Amendment.

1 document attached | Read full article »

### Boston City Hall Aides Get Extortion Conviction Tossed

Two former aides to Boston Mayor Marty Walsh saw their Hobbs Act extortion convictions thrown out Wednesday, as a federal judge said the government failed to show a clear quid pro quo or "wrongful conduct" for the pair pressuring a music festival to hire union labor.

Order attached | Read full article »

### Air Charter Co. Execs Can't Slip Fraud Convictions At 3rd Circ.

The Third Circuit has upheld two charter airline executives' convictions for stealing millions in passenger payments by lying and falsifying documents,

Law360 Practice Groups of the Year

## LAW FIRMS

Aidala Bertuna
Akerman LLP
Alston &amp; Bird
Arent Fox
Arnold &amp; Porter
BakerHostetler
Bass Berry
Berger Montague
Bird &amp; Bird
Boies Schiller
Bradley Arant
Brinks Gilson &amp; Lione
Brown &amp; Connery
Bruce S. Rogow PA
Buschel &amp; Gibbons
Carlton Fields
Collier Halpern
Cosgrove Eisenberg
Davis Polk
Dentons
Gibson Dunn
Goldman Scarlato
Goodwin

EFTA00032942</fcel></news-alt@law360.com>

saying Wednesday that documents found after trial — previously thought destroyed — would not have changed the outcome.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

# INVESTIGATIONS

## Harvard, Yale Probed Over Unreported Foreign Funds

The U.S. Department of Education has launched investigations into potentially hundreds of millions of dollars in unreported foreign gifts and contracts accepted by Yale and Harvard universities in recent years, the department announced Wednesday.

Read full article »

# SECURITIES

## FTC Targeted Sanctuary Belize To Punish Founder, Judge Told

A Federal Trade Commission suit targeting the operators of purported luxury development Sanctuary Belize was sparked by a personal vendetta against the project's mastermind — and not legitimate consumer concerns — one of the executives told a Maryland federal court Wednesday on the last day of trial.

Read full article »

## PNC Abetted $75M 'Ponzi-Like' Scheme, Investment Cos. Say

Two investment companies and a Pennsylvania man on Wednesday hit PNC Bank and Heartland Bank &amp; Trust with a proposed class action accusing the banks of aiding and abetting a $75 million Ponzi scheme in which an Illinois man allegedly took money from more than 500 investors.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

## Fund Says Fugitive Ex-Nissan Exec Must Face Securities Suit

If Nissan Motor Co.'s ex-chairman wanted a federal judge to buy his argument that he can't face a securities fraud suit in Tennessee due to an upcoming trial in Japan, he shouldn't have fled that country in a suitcase, a pension fund argued Wednesday.

Response attached | Read full article »

## Glencore Seeks To Dismiss Stock-Drop Suit Over FCPA Probe

Mining giant Glencore PLC told a New Jersey federal judge that his court's lack of personal jurisdiction was among the many faults that required dismissal of a stock-drop suit connected to announcements that the Swiss company's overseas dealings were being investigated.

Brief attached | Read full article »

## SEC Sues California Investment Firm Over $1.1M In Side Deals

The SEC slapped a California investment firm and its directors with a securities suit Wednesday, alleging they failed "to disclose a glaring conflict of their financial interests" when they advised their clients to invest over $16 million in private placement funds and then pocketed over $1.1 million in side deals.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

# CYBERSECURITY

## Silk Road Dealer Busted In $19M Bitcoin Haul Gets 3½ Years

A Manhattan federal judge sentenced a 61-year-old Ohio businessman who sold oxycodone on the Silk Road online drug bazaar to 3½ years in prison Wednesday after the feds caught him lying about where he had gotten bitcoins that had surged in value to $19 million.

Greenberg Traurig
Hogan Lovells
Holland &amp; Hart
Holwell Shuster
Husch Blackwell
Kellogg Hansen
King &amp; Spalding
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Lane Powell
Latham &amp; Watkins
Levi &amp; Korsinsky
Linklaters
Lowenstein Sandler
Mayer Brown
McDermott Will
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Munger Tolles
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Olshan Frome Wolosky
Orrick
Paul Weiss
Polsinelli
Riley Warnock
Robbins Geller
Searby LLP
Sheppard Mullin
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Troutman Sanders
White and Williams
Williams &amp; Connolly
WilmerHale
Winston &amp; Strawn
Womble Bond Dickinson

# COMPANIES

Alaska Oil and Gas Association
American Bar Association
Center for American Progress
Chevron Corp.
Coinbase Inc.
Consolidated Edison Inc.
Federalist Society
Fordham University
Glencore Xstrata PLC
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Heartland Bank &amp; Trust Co.
International Brotherhood of Teamsters
K2 Intelligence LLC
L Brands Inc.

EFTA00032943

EFTA00032944

Read full article »

HEALTH

Texas Doc Fights Claim Of $69M In Unneeded Treatments

Attorneys representing a Houston-area doctor accused of seeking more than $69 million in reimbursements for medically unnecessary lead poisoning treatments tried to show through testimony on Wednesday that a difference in professional opinions on treatment options does not equate to fraud.

Read full article »

TAX

Export Business Owner Gets 3 Years For Concealing Income

A California businessman will spend the next three years in federal prison for concealing his income from the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Justice has announced.

Read full article »

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Texas Man Sentenced To 16 Months For Trade Secret Theft

A Texas man will serve 16 months in prison and will forfeit more than $342,000 following his conviction for conspiring to steal trade secrets, U.S. Department of Justice officials said Tuesday.

Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

Effective AML, Anti-Bribery Programs Hinge On Collaboration

Amid increasing risk exposure from financial services companies' partners, clients and affiliates, opportunities exist to leverage processes across firms' anti-money laundering and anti-bribery and corruption programs, says Michelle Goodsir at K2 Intelligence.

Read full article »

SEC Exam Priorities Highlight Flexible, Holistic Compliance

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's recently released exam priorities encourage firms to emphasize investor protection and consider compliance in light of evolving business and market demands, say attorneys at Lowenstein Sandler.

1 document attached | Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

Q&amp;A

Microsoft Atty Looks To A Legal Future Saved From Drudgery

Microsoft assistant general counsel Jason Barnwell gives his take on whether tech will replace lawyers, the challenges of getting them on board with innovation and what the practice of law will look like for his team's youngest members when they take the helm.

Read full article »

Feature

What Law Firm Leaders Say You Should Know For The Future

LinkedIn Corp.

London Stock Exchange Group PLC

Microsoft Corp.

Mitsubishi Motors Corp.

National Association for the

Advancement of Colored People

New York University

Nissan Motor Co. Ltd.

Novartis AG

PNC Financial Services Group Inc.

Temple University

The Madison Square Garden Co.

Trelleborg AB

Wal-Mart Stores Inc.

Walgreens Co.

Yale University

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Commodity Futures Trading Commission

Executive Office of the President

Federal Bureau of Investigation

Federal Trade Commission

Internal Revenue Service

Judicial Conference of the United States

National Institutes of Health

Occupational Safety and Health Administration

Ontario Securities Commission

Securities and Exchange Commission

Serious Fraud Office

U.S. Attorney's Office

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit

U.S. Department of Defense

U.S. Department of Education

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

U.S. Department of Justice

U.S. Department of Transportation

U.S. Department of the Interior

U.S. District Court for the Central District of California

U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland

U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts

U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey

U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York

Here, in front of the camera, law firm leaders talk about how to prepare for a future where technology and a new generation of talent and competitors will change the way attorneys work.

Read full article »

# Novartis Taps Firms Ready To Pony Up On Diversity — Or Else

Novartis AG on Wednesday said it has chosen nearly two dozen preferred law firms that have agreed to diverse staffing requirements for each legal matter, with the understanding that the pharmaceutical giant will deny a portion of payment for failing to hit the goals.

Read full article »

# White And Male: Federal Bench Still Struggling With Diversity

White men still dominate the bench in U.S. federal courts, and that lack of diversity could lead litigants to question the federal judiciary's legitimacy, according to a new study released Thursday, which found that more than a third of all federal district courts did not have even one nonwhite judge.

Read full article »

# Garland Succeeded By Srinivasan As DC Circ. Chief Judge

Merrick Garland was replaced by Sri Srinivasan on Wednesday as chief judge of the powerful D.C. Circuit after completing a seven-year term marked by widely praised transparency initiatives, a crippling government shutdown and, of course, an unsuccessful nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court.

Read full article »

# Judge Weinstein Steps Back From Bench After 53 Years

U.S. District Judge Jack Weinstein, a nonagenarian who worked on the landmark Brown v. Board of Education case and has sat on the Eastern District of New York bench since 1967, is effectively retiring, his law clerk confirmed Wednesday.

Read full article »

# Gibson Dunn Partner Among Picks For NY Federal Bench

The White House on Wednesday said it would nominate a Gibson Dunn &amp; Crutcher LLP litigation partner to the federal trial court in Manhattan and a New York-based U.S. Department of Justice official to the one in Brooklyn.

Read full article »

# BakerHostetler, Bradley Arant Partners On Track For Bench

Two BigLaw partners and two other judicial nominees sailed through a perfunctory Senate confirmation hearing on Wednesday with just four senators questioning President Donald Trump's picks for district courts in Texas, Florida and Alabama and the Court of Federal Claims.

Read full article »

# Husch Blackwell Vet, Pirro Pick Among 4 New District Judges

The Senate on Wednesday approved four nominees to district courts in New York, Illinois, Missouri and Alaska, confirming a Husch Blackwell partner, a New Yorker recommended by Fox News host Jeanine Pirro, a Winston &amp; Strawn alum and a Trump administration lawyer.

Read full article »

# Trump's Alaska Trial Court Pick Worth $761K

President Donald Trump's just-confirmed pick for a federal trial court seat in Alaska, a regional solicitor for the U.S. government and former counsel to the state's oil and gas lobby, is worth close to $761,000, according to his financial disclosures to Congress.

Read full article »

U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Marine Corps
U.S. Navy
U.S. Supreme Court

EFTA00032945

EFTA00032946

# Law Firm Leaders: Akerman's Scott Meyers

Scott A. Meyers took on the chairman and CEO role at Akerman on Feb. 3, following up two years serving as the law firm's managing partner. Here, Meyers discusses why he thinks Akerman is "less bureaucratic" than the typical BigLaw firm, his goals for the firm's future, and how he approaches hiring lawyers that are a good cultural fit.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

## Labor &amp; Employment Associate

Meltzer, Lippe, Goldstein &amp; Breitstone, LLP

Mineola, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.

However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,

you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011