From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Bridgegate To Reach High Court In McDonnell's Shadow
Date: Tue, 14 Jan 2020 08:27:22 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR
Tuesday, January 14, 2020
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Analysis

### Bridgegate To Reach High Court In McDonnell's Shadow

The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday will explore the line where political mischief turns criminal in the wake of its landmark McDonnell decision, with justices examining whether prosecutors in the so-called Bridgegate case overreached in applying federal statutes to a scheme to realign lanes on the George Washington Bridge.

Read full article »

### Ex-FinCEN Staffer Cops To BuzzFeed Russia Probe Leaks

A former senior adviser at the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network on Monday admitted to revealing banks' suspicious activity reports related to a probe of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election to a journalist.

Read full article »

### Feds Dispute Ariad Insider Suspect's 'Wrong Man' Theory

Federal prosecutors asked a Manhattan jury Monday to rely on what they call "overwhelming" circumstantial evidence to convict an entrepreneur of leaking secrets about his father's pharmaceutical company to a trader friend, pushing back against a defense theory that another suspect is the tipper.

Read full article »

### Jury Hears Of Ex-Barbados Official's Purported Corruption

Jurors on Monday heard of "lies, corruption and greed" as the trial began for a former Barbados government official accused of laundering money from bribes he took while steering state contracts to an insurance company.

Read full article »

### Startup's CEO Stole Investor Cash For Maserati, Jury Told

Federal prosecutors kicked off the money laundering trial of Sanovas Inc. CEO Lawrence Gerrans on Monday, telling a San Francisco jury that the medical device startup executive embezzled nearly $3 million from investors — money he spent on a mansion, a Maserati and a $50,000 diamond ring.

Read full article »

### Weinstein Judge Threatens Jail For Jurors' Social Media Posts

A Manhattan state court judge presiding over the rape trial of Harvey Weinstein warned prospective jurors — including supermodel Gigi Hadid — not to post on social media about their experience, threatening possible jail time for anyone violating a court order against it.

&gt; Law360 Pro Say Podcast
&gt; Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS

- Aidala Bertuna
- Atrium LLP
- Baker Donelson
- Bona Law PC
- Bonsignore Trial Lawyers
- Brafman &amp; Associates
- Butler Snow LLP
- Cadwalader Wickersham
- Cleary Gottlieb
- Cloth Fair Chambers
- Dechert
- Donnelly Conroy
- Fick &amp; Marx
- Fishman Haygood
- Greenberg Traurig
- Hogan Lovells
- Javerbaum Wurgaft
- Kasowitz Benson
- Keker Van Nest &amp; Peters
- Kemp Jones
- King &amp; Spalding
- Kirkland &amp; Ellis
- Lewis Baach

EFTA00032549</fcel></news-alt@law360.com>

EFT A00032550

Read full article »

# SECURITIES

## Asset Manager Pleads Guilty In $164M Pump-And-Dump Scam

The accused mastermind of a $164 million international pump-and-dump stock scheme pled guilty to securities fraud and conspiracy to commit securities fraud in Boston federal court Monday.

Read full article »

## Ex-Deutsche Trader Says DOJ Outsourced Spoofing Probe

A former trader at Deutsche Bank is seeking to convince an Illinois federal judge that prosecutors outsourced their investigation into spoofing to the bank and its counsel at Linklaters, Cadwalader and Kirkland, raising the same constitutional rights issue as in U.S. v. Connolly.

6 documents attached | Read full article »

## FDA Slams Theranos Execs' 'Unprecedented' Doc Bid

A U.S. Food and Drug Administration attorney on Monday criticized demands by former Theranos CEO Elizabeth Holmes and another executive for internal documents to help them prepare their criminal defense against fraud charges, saying the scope of the requests are "wholly unprecedented" and diverting the agency's valuable resources.

Read full article »

# BANK FRAUD

## Qatar Move To Steer Biz To Barclays There 'In Black &amp; White'

There is clear evidence that Qatar tried to steer business toward Barclays after it struck a controversial side deal with the country that prosecutors allege was used to hide payments linked to emergency fundraising, a former bank executive told a jury on Monday.

Read full article »

## 'Cocaine Cowboy' Can't Kick Conviction For Car Fraud

Former drug trafficker Michael "Mickey" Munday couldn't shake his fraud conviction and 12-year prison sentence after the Eleventh Circuit upheld a Florida federal court's ruling over a $1.7 million vehicle "title-washing" scheme Monday.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

## Banks Call TelexFree Suit Revision A Waste of Time

A slew of financial services providers including Wells Fargo, Bank of America, TD Bank and PwC pushed back Friday in Massachusetts federal court against an attempt to revise allegations linking them to the TelexFree Ponzi scheme, arguing the repeat bids for revision are wasting the court's time.

1 document attached | Read full article »

# LEGAL ETHICS

## Pierce Bainbridge Says Ex-Partner's Suit Must Be Arbitrated

Pierce Bainbridge has told a New York state court that a contentious defamation suit by a former partner belongs in arbitration, saying that the partner signed an arbitration agreement when he was hired.

Read full article »

# HEALTH

## Ex-Insys Exec Gets Nearly 3 Years For Opioid Kickbacks

Linklaters
Lucas Magazine
Mayer Brown
McGuireWoods
Milton Laurence
Miner Orkand
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Mukasey Frenchman
Nutter McClennen
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Orrick
Outten &amp; Golden
Paul Weiss
Pierce Bainbridge
Proskauer Rose
QEB Hollis Whiteman
Reed Smith
Riemer &amp; Braunstein
Robinson Bradshaw
Ropes &amp; Gray
Saul Ewing
Saveri &amp; Saveri
Shaheen &amp; Gordon
Sideman &amp; Bancroft
Skadden
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Three Raymond Buildings
Todd &amp; Weld
Watkins &amp; Eager
White &amp; Case
Wilkinson Walsh
Williams &amp; Connolly
WilmerHale
Zeichner Ellman

## COMPANIES

American Bankers Association
American Bar Association
Andreessen Horowitz LLC
BNP Paribas SA
Bank of America Corp.
BuzzFeed Inc.
Centerview Partners LLC
Clearspire
DISH Network LLC
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Telekom AG
Facebook Inc.
International Payout Systems Inc.

A former Insys Therapeutics Inc. executive was sentenced to 33 months in prison for his role in an opioid kickback scheme after a Massachusetts federal judge heard emotional testimony Monday from patients who said their lives had been ruined by the drug.

Read full article »

## Insys Judge Wonders If Potential Punishment Is Too Harsh

The Massachusetts federal judge overseeing the case of seven former Insys Therapeutics Inc. executives convicted in an opioid kickback scheme said Monday that the lengthy sentencing guidelines and the government's $306 million dollar restitution ask may be too severe for the conduct at issue.

Read full article »

## COMPETITION

## Justices Skip Case Over 'Per Se' Rule In Antitrust Convictions

The U.S. Supreme Court declined Monday to review criminal antitrust convictions handed down against three California residents for bid-rigging, despite arguments from criminal justice nonprofits that the way federal prosecutors went after the violations is unconstitutional.

Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

## FinCEN's Most Lethal AML Weapon Against Foreign Banks

As the U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network plans to increase its use of so-called special measures under the USA Patriot Act, it is a good bet FinCEN will focus its efforts to exile foreign banks it believes pose a money laundering threat to the U.S. financial system, says Arthur Middlemiss at Lewis Baach.

Read full article »

## Series

## Judging A Book: Dyk Reviews 'Democracy And Equality'

In their new book "Democracy and Equality: The Enduring Constitutional Vision of the Warren Court," Geoffrey Stone and David Strauss provide valuable context for U.S. Supreme Court decisions under Chief Justice Earl Warren that have profoundly affected the country, but their overly protective attitude sometimes obscures reality, says Federal Circuit Judge Timothy Dyk.

Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

## 'NewLaw' Firm Atrium Lays Off Attorneys And Staff

Venture capital-backed legal technology company and corporate law firm Atrium has reportedly laid off a number of attorneys and staff just over two years after its splashy entrance into the legal market and less than a year after one of its co-founders left the company.

Read full article »

## Firm Leaders Expect Sluggish Growth, Worsening Economy

Law firm managers scanning the horizon in early 2020 have an increasingly pessimistic outlook on both firm performance and the economy, according to a new report, with firm leaders' confidence in the U.S. economy dipping below neutral for the first time in over three years.

Read full article »

## Ex-Kasowitz Atty Says He Was Victim Of Racial, Gay Bias

A former partner at Kasowitz Benson Torres LLP is suing the firm in California court, alleging he faced discrimination because he's black and gay before

Law Foundation of Silicon Valley

LinkedIn Corp.

Maserati North America Inc.

Oxford University Press Ltd.

PricewaterhouseCoopers

International Ltd.

ProPay Inc.

Sprint Nextel Corporation

T-Mobile US Inc.

TelexFree LLC

The New York Times Co.

Toronto-Dominion Bank

Wells Fargo &amp; Co.

ZTE Corp.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

California Labor and Workforce

Development Agency

Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid

Services

European Central Bank

Federal Bureau of Investigation

Financial Crimes Enforcement

Network

Food and Drug Administration

Port Authority of New York &amp; New

Jersey

Securities and Exchange

Commission

Serious Fraud Office

U.S. Attorney's Office

U.S. Court of Appeals for the

Eleventh Circuit

U.S. Court of Appeals for the

Federal Circuit

U.S. Department of Justice

U.S. Department of the Treasury

U.S. District Court for the District of

Massachusetts

U.S. District Court for the Eastern

District of New York

U.S. District Court for the Northern

District of California

U.S. District Court for the Northern

District of Illinois

U.S. District Court for the Southern

District of Mississippi

U.S. District Court for the Southern

District of New York

U.S. Supreme Court

EFTA00032551

being suddenly fired.

Read full article »

# Ex-Facebook GC Approved To Monitor Sprint/T-Mobile Merger

A D.C. federal judge overseeing the government's settlement allowing T-Mobile to buy Sprint has approved the appointment of former Facebook general counsel Theodore W. Ullyot to monitor compliance with the $56 billion deal should it get greenlighted by the court.

Read full article »

# Ex-King &amp; Spalding Atty Asks To Exclude News Articles

A former King &amp; Spalding LLP associate who says he was fired for raising ethical red flags at the firm asked a New York court Friday to revisit the issue of allowing trial testimony about news coverage of his fee fight with a former counsel and a related court decision.

Read full article »

# Harvard Law Prof Lessig Sues NYT For 'Clickbait Defamation'

Harvard Law School professor Lawrence Lessig launched what he called a "clickbait defamation" action against The New York Times on Monday in Massachusetts federal court, claiming an article in the newspaper falsely implied he defended the notion of taking charitable donations from Jeffrey Epstein.

Read full article »

# Receiver Says Baker Donelson Must Face Timber Scam Suit

A court-appointed receiver for a timber mill business in Mississippi embroiled in Ponzi scheme allegations is defending her suit against Baker Donelson Bearman Caldwell &amp; Berkowitz PC, contending she can sue the firm now because she also represents the business' investors.

Read full article »

# Interview

# 15 Minutes With Peet's Coffee's General Counsel

For general counsel Kristin Ashurst, one of the most exciting aspects of the new year is Peet's Coffee's growing e-commerce channel. Here, she shares what that means for her legal team, her biggest triumph as a lawyer and what she looks for in attorneys who want to join her in-house department.

Read full article »

# JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

Staff Attorney (Philadelphia, PA Office)
McCarter &amp; English, LLP
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

White Collar &amp; Investigations Associate Attorney - Midlevel
Perkins Coie LLP
Seattle, Washington

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032552