From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: <redacted>
Subject: Manhattan DA Investigating 'Missing' NYC Real Estate Atty
Date: Mon, 12 Apr 2021 07:49:35 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR

Monday, April 12, 2021
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Manhattan DA Investigating 'Missing' NYC Real Estate Atty

The Manhattan District Attorney's Office is investigating a city real estate attorney who has allegedly gone missing along with millions in client funds, a source familiar with the probe told Law360.

*Letter attached | Read full article »*

## Biden Floats $1.8B Boost In Justice Department Funding

President Joe Biden on Friday proposed a $1.8 billion discretionary funding increase to the U.S. Department of Justice for the next fiscal year, with more money going to civil rights enforcement, immigration courts and state and local criminal justice reforms.

*Read full article »*

## Gaetz Lawyers Up With Prominent NYC Defense Team

Rep. Matt Gaetz of Florida has retained a pair of top-shelf New York defense attorneys amid a federal sex trafficking investigation.

*Read full article »*

## Former Netflix Exec Faces Bribery Charges As Trial Kicks Off

Prosecutors accused a former Netflix executive of illegally receiving kickbacks and stock options from startups in exchange for lucrative contracts with the streaming giant during opening arguments in a bribery trial in California federal court Friday, while defense counsel argued the deals were legitimate and a product of Netflix's "no rules" culture.

*Read full article »*

## House Slams DOJ's 2nd Bid To Delay McGahn Subpoena Case

A top House attorney has rebuked the Biden administration's claim that they've made "sufficient progress" toward a settlement that warrants another postponement of oral arguments before the D.C. Circuit in House Democrats' long-running bid to compel testimony from former Trump White House counsel Don McGahn.

*Letter attached | Read full article »*

## Ulbricht Floats Theory That 2nd Silk Road Plea Offer Existed

A federal judge on Friday directed the Manhattan U.S. attorney's office to check if there was a second plea deal offered to Ross Ulbricht, besides one he famously rejected, after the former Silk Road operator's lawyer cited a published report and said it suggests another offer existed.

*Order attached | Read full article »*

Law360
Law360 Rising Stars

## LAW FIRMS

Alston &amp; Bird
Arnold &amp; Porter
Baker Botts
Bernstein Litowitz
Bracewell LLP
Bramnick Law
CMBG3 Law
Clayman &amp; Rosenberg
Conn Kavanaugh
Crowell &amp; Moring
D'Agostino Levine
DLA Piper
Davis Polk
Eckert Seamans
Epstein Becker Green
Fenwick &amp; West
Foley &amp; Lardner
Gibson Dunn
Goodwin Procter
Governo Law Firm

EFTA00032691</redacted></news@law360.com>

Judge Mulls Trump Appointee's Jail Release Bid In Riot Case

A D.C. federal judge seemed hesitant Friday to continue detaining a former Trump U.S. Department of State appointee seeking release from jail pending his trial on charges for participating in the Jan. 6 insurrection at the U.S. Capitol.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

Feds Drop Criminal Charges In Alleged Fintech Fraud Scheme

Federal prosecutors on Friday sought to drop wire fraud and securities fraud charges against a former financial planner, noting that his alleged co-conspirator had been pardoned by former President Donald Trump.

Motion attached | Read full article »

COMPLIANCE

Texas Justices Say No Jail For Salon Owner In COVID Fight

The Texas Supreme Court ruled Friday a Dallas salon owner won't have to go back to jail to finish out a seven-day sentence for operating her business during the statewide coronavirus shutdown in April 2020, finding the temporary restraining order that's the basis of her punishment is invalid.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

Biden Seeks 21% Boost For EPA Funding

President Joe Biden is seeking a 21% budget increase for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and billions more for climate investments, a dramatic reversal from the Trump administration, which consistently sought to gut the agency's funding and largely ignored climate issues.

Read full article »

SECURITIES

Boat-Buying Ponzi Schemer Admits Luring Investors

A self-professed venture capitalist from Boston admitted Thursday to duping investors with promises of easy, no-risk profits as part of a Ponzi-like fraud scheme that prosecutors say netted him a powerboat.

Read full article »

MONEY LAUNDERING

Fed Asks Banks For Input On AML Risk Models

The Federal Reserve Board and a group of U.S. banking agencies asked the nation's banks on Friday for input on how they use risk models to comply with Bank Secrecy Act regulations, including models used to track and report suspicious activities.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

HEALTH

Parents Want Wholesaler Sanctioned In Drug Death Suit

The parents of a woman who fatally overdosed on an Insys Therapeutics opioid called on a New Jersey federal court Friday to sanction a pharmaceutical wholesaler for allegedly deleting documents relevant to their wrongful-death suit, saying they wasted time and money searching empty hard drives.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

Greenberg Traurig
Griesing Law
Hawkins Parnell
Haynes &amp; Boone
Herrick Feinstein
Hinckley Allen
Hogan Lovells
Jackson Lewis P.C.
Jenner &amp; Block
Jones Day
Joseph Saveri Law Firm
Kilpatrick Townsend
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Kossoff PLLC
Latham &amp; Watkins
Lewis Brisbois
McKool Smith
Meltzer Lippe
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Mound Cotton
Mukasey Frenchman
Paul Weiss
Pierce Bainbridge
Quinn Emanuel
Richards Layton
Rimon PC
Robins Kaplan
Rosenberg &amp; Estis
Salvi Schostok
Schulte Roth
Sheppard Mullin
Smith Duggan
Stroock &amp; Stroock
Thompson Hine
Wiggin and Dana
Wilmer Hale
Wilson Sonsini
Wolf Haldenstein
Young Conaway

COMPANIES

Activision Blizzard Inc.
American Bar Association
Apple Inc.
Associated Press
Bridgewater Associates LP
Brookfield Property Partners LP
CS Disco Inc.
Cable News Network Inc.

EFTA00032692

# 3 Reasons Securities Fraud Litigation Exposure Fell In Q1

Nessim Mezrahi and Stephen Sigrist at SAR analyze data on securities class actions filed against public companies in the first quarter of 2021, and explore factors that may have contributed to issuers facing their lowest exposure to such claims in years.

Read full article »

## What Associates Should Consider Before Switching Practices

The current high demand for midlevel associates provides them a rare opportunity to potentially explore new practice areas, but associates should first ask themselves six questions to begin figuring out why a change sounds appealing, says Stephanie Biderman at Major Lindsey.

Read full article »

Law360

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### Holland &amp; Knight, Thompson &amp; Knight In Talks To Combine

BigLaw firms Holland &amp; Knight and Thompson &amp; Knight are discussing a possible combination, a move that would form a practice with nearly 1,600 attorneys across 30 offices, firm leaders said Friday.

Read full article »

### NY Fed. Judge Sandra Feuerstein Killed In Fla. Hit-And-Run

U.S. District Judge Sandra J. Feuerstein of the Eastern District of New York was killed on Friday after being fatally struck by a vehicle in a hit and run crash in Florida, authorities said.

Read full article »

### Titan Of The Plaintiffs Bar: Salvi Schostok's Patrick A. Salvi

Almost 40 years after founding Salvi Schostok &amp; Pritchard PC, and with more than $1.5 billion in verdicts and settlements under his firm's belt, trial attorney Patrick A. Salvi still loves few things more than the chance to argue for his clients in court.

Read full article »

### Law360's 2021 Legal Industry Editorial Board

Law360 is pleased to announce the formation of its 2021 Legal Industry Editorial Advisory Board.

Read full article »

### Bonus Spotlight

### Baker Botts And MoFo Join Special Bonuses Action

Morrison &amp; Foerster LLP and Baker Botts LLP are joining the dozens of major U.S. law firms handing out special bonuses this year, according to reports and details Law360 confirmed on Friday.

Read full article »

### Biden Forms Commission To Study Supreme Court 'Reform'

President Joe Biden on Friday followed through on his plan to form an outside commission to study possible reforms of the U.S. Supreme Court amid progressive criticism of the court's conservative majority. The "bipartisan" group includes former federal judges, high court advocates and legal scholars.

Read full article »

## Justices Won't Hear In-Person Args Until At Least Next Term

Cable-Satellite Public Affairs Network
Dunkin' Brands Group Inc.
Dynex Capital Inc.
Early Warning Services LLC
Ernst &amp; Young LLP
FedEx Corp.
Gallup Inc.
Georgetown University
Google Inc.
Halliburton Co.
Harvard University
Ironshore Inc.
JAMS Inc.
Lateral Link Group
LegalZoom.com Inc.
LinkedIn Corp.
Major Lindsey &amp; Africa LLC
Medley Management Inc.
Mobile TeleSystems OJSC
Morgan Stanley
Mozido LLC
NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund Inc.
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
National LGBT Bar Association
Netflix Inc.
Oracle Corp.
Pacer International, Inc.
Papa John's International Inc.
PepsiCo Inc.
Rochester Drug Cooperative Inc.
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.
Spotify Technology SA
State Street Corp.
The Allstate Corp.
The Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
The New York Times Co.
University of Southern California
University of Virginia
Virage Capital Management LP
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.
Wolters Kluwer
XPO Logistics Inc.
Yahoo! Inc.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Chicago Department of Aviation
Delaware Court of Chancery

EFTA00032693

The U.S. Supreme Court announced Friday that it will continue to hear oral arguments by telephone for the remainder of its current term.

Read full article »

# Morgan Lewis Sues Pierce Bainbridge For $436K Unpaid Rent

Morgan Lewis &amp; Bockius LLP has alleged in California state court that Pierce Bainbridge PC and its predecessor firm owe nearly a year's worth of rent for office space in a commercial building in downtown Los Angeles.

Read full article »

# Wolf Haldenstein Sues NY Landlord For Breach Of Contract

Class action firm Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman &amp; Herz LLP is suing its New York landlord over an alleged breach of contract, claiming that it has failed to make building renovations required under a lease agreement and that the firm has no obligation to pay base rent until those are near completion.

Read full article »

# Gibson Dunn, Recruiter Agree To Arbitrate Hiring Fees Dispute

A California judge Friday sent to arbitration Lateral Link Group Inc.'s suit claiming Gibson Dunn &amp; Crutcher LLP cheated it out of its recruiting commission for the hire of a lateral partner, after the legal recruiting company didn't oppose the law firm's motion.

Read full article »

# Studio Can't Slip Gay Asst.'s Bias Suit Against Atty's Cos.

A California judge Friday overruled a bid by an attorney's dance studio to escape a lawsuit brought against the lawyer and her companies by her gay former legal assistant over claims the attorney's namesake firm didn't pay him minimum wage, harassed him and wrongfully fired him after he informed a superior he had HIV.

Read full article »

# McCormick Picked As Bouchard's Del. Chancery Successor

Gov. John Carney nominated Vice Chancellor Kathaleen S. McCormick on Friday to become the first woman to lead Delaware's nationally important Chancery Court, replacing Chancellor Andre G. Bouchard, who is slated to retire at the end of April after serving just short of seven years of a 12-year term.

Read full article »

# Departing Attys Taking Files Can Break Law, Mass. Court Says

Massachusetts' top court ruled Friday that attorneys who smuggle client files out the door to start a new firm can be held liable for deceptive business practices, even if they were still employed by their old firm at the time.

Read full article »

# LegalZoom Hires Former Google Exec As Chief People Officer

LegalZoom announced that it has hired former Google executive Sheily Chhabria Panchal to join the company as its new chief people officer.

Read full article »

# GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

Experts have urged general counsel to lean into innovation following a survey that found significant challenges facing lawyers amid shrinking corporate legal budgets, and the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in a decadelong case that Google made fair use of Oracle's software. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week.

Read full article »

Executive Office for Immigration Review
Executive Office of the President
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Federal Judicial Center
Federal Reserve System
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
National Credit Union Administration
New York Attorney General's Office
New York City Police Department
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
Texas Supreme Court
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of State
U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia
U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut
U.S. District Court for the District of Maine
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency

EFTA00032694

EFTA00032695

# In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week.

Read full article »

## Podcast

### Pro Say: Google Wins 'Copyright Lawsuit Of The Decade'

For more than a decade, Google and Oracle have been duking it out over the extent to which individual companies can control an important building block of computer software code, with Google potentially on the hook for billions of dollars in damages and the future of the technology industry seemingly at stake.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  **NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM SEEKS PARTNERS**
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York | **Elite NYC mid-sized FULL SERVICE law firm seek WHITE COLLAR PARTNER**
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York  |
| --- | --- |
|  **White Collar & Investigations - Associate Attorney - Midlevel**
Perkins Coie LLP
Seattle, Washington | **Legal Counsel - Digital & Devices**
Amazon Deutschland Servcs GmbH
Berlin, Berlin  |
|  **Corporate Counsel**
Amazon Deutschland Servcs GmbH
Munich, Bayern | **White Collar Litigation – Environmental Shareholder**
Beveridge & Diamond, P.C.
"."  |

U.S. House of Representatives<br/>
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission<br/>
U.S. Supreme Court<br/>
World Health Organization

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011