From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To:
Subject: US Bribery Law Can't Clear Korean Official, 9th Circ. Says
Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 08:34:40 +0000
Importance: Normal

|  Law360 White Collar | WHITE COLLAR  |
| --- | --- |

Tuesday, September 3, 2019
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### US Bribery Law Can't Clear Korean Official, 9th Circ. Says

The Ninth Circuit upheld a South Korean earthquake researcher's money laundering conviction on Friday, saying the law that prohibits laundering the proceeds of certain foreign crimes imposes no special requirements when it comes to laundering connected to bribes.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »*

### 5th Circ. Says Judge's Dual Role On Bail Violates Due Process

The Fifth Circuit has ruled that it violates due process for a New Orleans judge to set bail for criminal defendants while also overseeing a fund that a portion of bail bonds goes toward, despite the fact that the fund was not responsible for the judge's own salary.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »*

### Ex-Fitness VP Gets 2 Months For Tipping Go-Private Deal

A former Life Time Fitness executive who triggered an insider trading scheme by leaking information about the gym's planned take-private announcement was sentenced Friday to 60 days in prison.

*Read full article »*

### Scientists Ask Justices To Overturn $10.5M Fraud Conviction

Two scientists convicted of fraudulently obtaining $10.5 million in federal government grants have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to review their sentences, saying that their actions did not harm anybody financially.

*Petition attached | Read full article »*

### Ex-Locke Lord Atty's Crypto Trial Set For November

A New York federal judge on Friday set a November trial date for former Locke Lord LLP attorney Mark S. Scott, who is accused of laundering money in connection with a $400 million cryptocurrency scam, delaying the trial for about a month.

*Read full article »*

## SECURITIES

### $3B Petrobras Settlement Clears Final Hurdle In 2nd Circ.

The Second Circuit on Friday affirmed the approval of Petrobras' $3 billion securities class action settlement related to the Brazilian oil giant's massive

|  Law360 Pro Say Podcast  |
| --- |

Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS

Arnold &amp; Porter
BCL Solicitors LLP
BakerHostetler
Bakke Grinolds
Beveridge &amp; Diamond
Bird Marella
Briggs and Morgan
Bryan Cave
Burglass &amp; Tankersley
Byrne &amp; Partners
Cleary Gottlieb
Clifford Chance
Coleman &amp; Balogh
Corker Binning
Covington &amp; Burling
Davis Polk
Davis Wright Tremaine
Duane Morris
Epstein Becker Green
Foundry Chambers
Gibson Dunn

EFTA00032938</news-alt@law360.com>

corruption scandal, providing a green light for the year-old deal to move forward.

Order attached | Read full article »

# Convicted Georgeson Adviser Gets 3rd Trial In Tix Swap Case

A former Georgeson LLC adviser convicted of swapping expensive sports and concert tickets for peeks at shareholder voting data won another new trial, her third, when a Massachusetts federal judge ruled Friday that a jury should not have learned about another person pleading guilty to the same alleged scheme.

Order attached | Read full article »

# HEALTH

## Ex-Pharmacy Owner Charged In $5M Fraud Scheme

The former owner of a shuttered New Jersey-based specialty pharmacy plotted to defraud the federal government out of $2 million and doled out kickbacks to a doctor in return for prescriptions that racked up another $3 million, federal authorities said Friday.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

# NATIVE AMERICAN

## Ex-Chair Of Native Women's Nonprofit Charged With Fraud

The ex-chairwoman of a nonprofit that fights domestic and sexual violence against Native American women has been charged in Montana federal court with stealing federal grant money to make nonwork trips to Las Vegas and get paid double for a day's work.

1 document attached | Read full article »

## SFO Chief Warns Of Hard Choices In Economic Crime Probes

The head of Britain's Serious Fraud Office called on Monday for greater cooperation between international investigators as they tackle economic crime, as she warned law enforcers and attorneys that it is not always possible to gather sufficient evidence to convict individuals suspecting of criminal conduct.

Read full article »

## UK Front For Philippines Crime Ring Forced Into Liquidation

A court has placed four companies into liquidation after they were found to be fronting for a boiler room scam that conned overseas investors out of almost $600,000 by fraudulently selling shares in pharmaceutical companies, a government agency announced Monday.

Read full article »

# EXPERT ANALYSIS

## 3 Compliance Considerations After New DOJ Antitrust Policy

For the first time under the U.S. Department of Justice's antitrust criminal enforcement policy, a company that adopts an effective compliance program may completely avoid criminal liability. In light of this, companies are well advised to reevaluate their antitrust compliance programs, say Marc Siegel and Peter Julian of Jones Day.

Read full article »

## New Best Practices Under E-Discovery Spoliation Rule

The amended Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 37(e) provides explicit criteria for imposing sanctions when electronically stored information has been lost during discovery, but courts are still not consistently applying the new rule,

Goldberg Segalla
Gordon &amp; Rees
Graves Garrett
Hangley Aronchick
Jenner &amp; Block
Jones Day
Kilpatrick Townsend
Kingsley Napley
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Latham &amp; Watkins
LeClairRyan
Linklaters
Locke Lord
Mayer Brown
Milbank LLP
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Pepper Hamilton
Perkins Coie
Pomerantz LLP
Quinn Emanuel
Reed Smith
Robbins Geller
Skadden
Taft Stettinius
Three Raymond Buildings
White &amp; Case
Willkie Farr
WilmerHale

# COMPANIES

Abeona Therapeutics Inc.
American Airlines Group Inc.
American Federation of State,
County and Municipal Employees
American International Group Inc.
American Overseas Group Ltd.
Bank of America Corp.
Boston Celtics
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
Cable News Network Inc.
Capital One Financial Corp.
Carnival Corp.
Chevron Corp.
Duke Energy Corp.
El Pollo Loco Inc.
Facebook Inc.
GlaxoSmithKline
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Google Inc.

EFTA00032939

with some simply ignoring it in favor of inherent authority, say Matthew Hamilton and Donna Fisher at Pepper Hamilton.

Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### The 2019 Regional Powerhouses

The law firms on Law360's list of 2019 Regional Powerhouses are handling some of the biggest deals and most high-profile courtroom battles across eight states, offering clients regional expertise and making a lasting impact on the law at the state and local level.

Read full article »

### Despite Recession Chatter, Lateral Market Sizzles In 2019

Lateral law firm recruitment activity rose in the first half of 2019 compared with 2018, with an overall 18% jump over a year ago and increases in the numbers of attorney hires across all tiers, indicating firms remain generally bullish in the face of renewed concerns about a looming recession.

Read full article »

### Feature

### When Justice Takes A Holiday

The word "holiday" in the U.K. usually conjures up images of relaxing off-work time and travel. But in the middle of a long-running court trial, an impending vacation creates pressure for lawyers — and possibly jurors.

Read full article »

### DOL Pick Scalia Earned $6.2M At Gibson Dunn Since 2018

Gibson Dunn &amp; Crutcher LLP partner Eugene Scalia, President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Labor Department, earned more than $6 million working at the corporate law firm since January 2018, according to a financial disclosure form filed Friday.

Read full article »

### Twin Cities Firm To Merge With Taft Stettinius &amp; Hollister

The Midwest-based firm Taft Stettinius &amp; Hollister LLP on Friday announced it will be merging with Minneapolis firm Briggs and Morgan, creating a combined firm with 12 offices and more than 600 lawyers.

Read full article »

### Utah Reg Changes Could Allow Nonlawyers To Practice Law

Utah's Supreme Court has approved a path forward for regulatory changes that will create new opportunities for accounting firms, legal technology companies and other organizations to offer a wider array of legal services to consumers, according to an announcement by the court.

Read full article »

### 8th Circ. Says Dues Collected By ND Bar Are Constitutional

The dues collected by North Dakota's bar association do not violate the First Amendment, as the group clearly spells out its payment fees and options for a relatively sophisticated audience of lawyers, the Eighth Circuit determined Friday.

Read full article »

### The Top In-House Hires Of August

Legal department hires and promotions during the final full month of summer included high-profile appointments at American Airlines, Duke Energy and Walmart. Here, Law360 looks at these and some of the other top in-house announcements from the past few weeks.

Read full article »

Johnson &amp; Johnson

L'Oreal SA

Life Time Fitness Inc.

LinkedIn Corp.

Major Lindsey &amp; Africa

Minnesota Twins

Minnesota Vikings

Motion Picture Association of America

Nardello &amp; Co.

Novo Nordisk A/S

PNC Financial Services Group Inc.

Petrobras

PricewaterhouseCoopers International Ltd.

Purdue Pharma LP

Retail Industry Leaders Association Inc.

Rolls-Royce

S&amp;P Global Inc.

SAP AG

Spotify Technology SA

State Bar Association of North Dakota

Suntrust Banks Inc.

Transamerica Corp.

UBS AG

Uber Technologies Inc.

Wal-Mart Stores Inc.

Warner Bros.

Washington Nationals

Wells Fargo &amp; Co.

Young Mayden LLC

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Australian Securities and

Investments Commission

California Supreme Court

Commodity Futures Trading

Commission

Consumer Financial Protection

Bureau

Executive Office of the President

Federal Bureau of Investigation

Federal Trade Commission

Financial Conduct Authority

Securities and Exchange

Commission

Serious Fraud Office

U.S. Attorney's Office

U.S. Court of Appeals for the

Eighth Circuit

EFTA00032940

# GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

A credit card processor must face the FTC's accusations that the company should pay for its alleged participation in an elaborate scam, and executives at a reverse mortgage provider were charged with overstating the value of bonds that served as collateral for loans. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week.

Read full article »

# In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week.

Read full article »

# Podcast

## Law360's Pro Say: Why Are Cops Photoshopping Mug Shots?

When a bank robbery suspect's face tattoos didn't appear in eyewitness descriptions or security camera footage, police edited them out of his mug shot. The incident has sparked outrage from activists, but altered police lineups are surprisingly common.

Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  White Collar & Investigations Associate
Attorney - Midlevel
Perkins Coie
Denver, Colorado

elite lit boutique // mid level assoc
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York | Mid-sized White Plains firm seeks municipal government associate
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York

Attorney – Commercial Litigation/Professional & General Liability (3-6 yrs)
Gordon & Rees
New York, New York  |
| --- | --- |

U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Labor
U.S. Department of the Treasury
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Office of Government Ethics
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Supreme Court
United States District Court for the District of Montana

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032941