From: "Kristina.L.Hendrickson" - To: <br/><br/>
Subject: Invitation to view the folder "Epstein (Kristina Hendrickson)" <br/>
Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2019 17:57:09 +0000 <br/>
Inline-Images: ATT00001.png

## AMEXDRIVE

### Invitation to view shared folder

Kristina Hendrickson used AmexDrive to share a folder with you. To view the shared folder, click on the button below.

### Epstein (Kristina Hendrickson)

Sharing expires on Jul 12, 2020

We will be happy to answer any questions you may have.

The AmexDrive Team
https://square.americanexpress.com/community/tools-programs/amexdrive

EFTA00032763

American Express made the following annotations

"This message and any attachments are solely for the intended recipient and may contain confidential or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, use, or distribution of the information

included in this message and any attachments is prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us by reply e-mail and immediately and permanently delete this message and any attachments. Thank you."

American Express a ajouté le commentaire suivant le

Ce courrier et toute pièce jointe qu'il contient sont réservés au seul destinataire indiqué et peuvent renfermer des renseignements confidentiels et privilégiés. Si vous n'êtes pas le destinataire prévu, toute divulgation, duplication, utilisation ou distribution du courrier ou de toute pièce jointe est interdite. Si vous avez reçu cette communication par erreur, veuillez nous en aviser par courrier et détruire immédiatement le courrier et les pièces jointes. Merci.

EFTA00032764