From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>

To: <fcel>Subject: 2019 Year In Review: The Legal Industry

Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2019 11:33:27 +0000

Law360 Special Report

Year In Review

Thursday, December 26, 2019

Follow Law360

Stock-1044578200.jpg

# 5 Trends That Rocked The Legal Industry In 2019

From some law firms' hard-knuckle responses to discrimination lawsuits filed against them to the Big Four's ongoing creep into the legal sector, these were some of the moments and trends that shook the industry in 2019.

# Looking Back: Law360's 2019 Legal Lions And Lambs

It was a big year for explosive news in the legal industry. Here, Law360 rounds up the noteworthy legal industry peaks and valleys with one final legal lions and lambs list.

# All Talk, Little Action: BigLaw Mergers Were Scarce In 2019

In a record-breaking year for total U.S. law firm combinations, blockbuster merger announcements were few and far between. But experts say a slew of

LAW FIRMS

Allen &amp; Overy

Austin LLP

Berry Appleman

Briggs &amp; Morgan

Cohen &amp; Grigsby

Davis Polk

Dentons

Drinker Biddle

Epstein Becker Green

Faegre Baker

Fisher Phillips

Gray Plant Mooty

Greenberg Traurig

Hughes Hubbard

Jones Day

Kirkland &amp; Ellis

Latham &amp; Watkins

Lathrop Gage

LeClairRyan

Mayer Brown

McDermott Will

Milbank LLP

Morgan Lewis

O'Melveny &amp; Myers

Ogletree Deakins

Outten &amp; Golden

Pepper Hamilton

Sidley Austin

Skadden

Taft Stettinius

Troutman Sanders

Ulmer &amp; Berne

Wiggin and Dana

Williams &amp; Connolly

Willkie Farr

EFTA00032918</fcel></news-alt@law360.com>

firms expressed interest and began feeling out a tie-up this past year, which could mean merger madness at the top end of the market in 2020.

## Poetic Justice: How Judges Got Creative In 2019

Amid headline-grabbing decisions and groundbreaking precedent out of federal courts in 2019, judges also injected bits of levity and creativity in their otherwise serious work, quipping about that last "Game of Thrones" season or quoting the Bard. Here, Law360 presents some of the best poetry, zingers and pop-culture references that popped up in opinions over the past year.

## The 7 Most Divisive Judicial Confirmations Of 2019

In a banner year for judicial confirmations, senators in 2019 signed off on 20 circuit judges and 80 district judges as President Donald Trump clinched his 185th appointment — but in reaching that milestone, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell faced a number of heated battles along the way.

## THE STATE OF THE LEGAL INDUSTRY

### The Law360 400

Kirkland &amp; Ellis LLP has redefined what it means to be the biggest of BigLaw — weighing in at 2,116 attorneys by year end 2018 and becoming the first firm since Law360 began tracking law firm head counts to top 2,000 U.S.-based attorneys.

### The 2019 Law360 Glass Ceiling Report

Our annual survey of the largest U.S. law firms again shines a light on the lack of parity for female attorneys in private practice. Though women now make up more than half of law school students, the Glass Ceiling Report shows they continue to be underrepresented at all levels of a typical law firm and that their numbers dwindle as they move up the ranks.

### The 2019 Law360 Diversity Snapshot

U.S. law firms have long touted their commitment to diversity and inclusion. But those goals still seem far from being realized. Law360's annual Diversity Snapshot indicates only marginal progress on racial and ethnic diversity in the attorney workforce from year to year, even as demands grow from clients expecting more diverse legal teams.

## PODCAST

### Law360's Pro Say: Will The Glass Ceiling Ever Break?

For years women have been looking around their law firms and seeing mostly men in leadership. When will things change? On the latest episode of Law360's Pro Say podcast we discuss our annual Glass Ceiling report, which reveals a glacial pace for increased gender parity in the law, and we talk to one prominent female attorney who managed to crack the glass ceiling.

WilmerHale
Zuckerman Spaeder

## COMPANIES

Altman Weil Inc.
American Bar Association
BlueStone Natural Resources II LLP
Chevron Corp.
Deloitte Touche
Ernst &amp; Young LLP
Google Inc.
Home Box Office Inc.
KPMG International
Lippman Jungers LLC
Major Lindsey &amp; Africa
Paypal Holdings Inc.
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Ltd.
Spectrum Management Holding Co.
Warner Bros.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Federal Bureau of Investigation
National Labor Relations Board
U.S. Department of Education
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Supreme Court

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032919