From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: 3 Things You Need To Know About NY's Latest Cyber Regs  |
| --- |
|  Date: Fri, 31 Aug 2018 08:06:12 +0000  |

Law360 New York
NEW YORK
Law360 Closed For Labor Day
Newsletter service will resume on Tuesday, Sept. 4.
Friday, August 31, 2018
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Analysis

### 3 Things You Need To Know About NY's Latest Cyber Regs

Companies will need to destroy old data, safeguard their information reserves and retrace breaches using digital breadcrumbs as part of new rules taking effect Tuesday in New York state's first-of-its-kind cybersecurity regulation. Here, Law360 breaks down three key issues. Read full article »

### Ex-Veon Execs Slip Investor Suit Over Uzbek Bribes

Former executives at telecommunications firm Veon Ltd. escaped a proposed class action claiming the company defrauded investors by not disclosing that it had paid bribes in Uzbekistan, with a Manhattan federal judge saying Thursday that the suit had several issues. Read full article »

### NYC House Heist Ringleader Gets 10 Years In Prison

The ringleader of a fake mortgage modification company on Thursday was sentenced to 10 years in prison for running a multimillion-dollar scheme to con dozens of often poor and elderly victims out of their homes through a campaign of fraud, intimidation and forgery. Read full article »

### Ex-NY Developer Busted After Investors Sue For $17M

A White Plains, New York-based developer was arrested Thursday for what Manhattan federal prosecutors call a lengthy scheme to defraud backers of his luxury real estate plays, charges that came after investors sued, later pushing him into bankruptcy, to recover at least $17 million they say they are owed. Read full article »

### Papa John's Hid Papa's Problems, Investor Fraud Suit Says

A Papa John's International Inc. investor accused the pizza delivery giant of keeping shareholders in the dark about alleged sexual harassment and other misconduct by founder and former CEO John H. Schnatter, filing a proposed securities fraud class action lawsuit Thursday in New York federal court. Read full article »

## MEDIA &amp; ENTERTAINMENT

### 1st Circ. Rejects Priest's $100M Bloomberg Defamation Suit

Law360 Pro Say Podcast
Listen to our new podcast here

### LAW FIRMS

- Akin Gump
- Arnold &amp; Porter
- Baker Botts
- Berger Montague
- Boies Schiller
- Briggs and Morgan
- Buchanan Ingersoll
- Calcagni Kanefsky
- Certilman Balin
- Clifford Chance
- Cohen &amp; Gresser
- Cohen Milstein
- Cravath Swaine
- Davidoff Hutcher
- Davis Polk
- Dentons
- Dickinson Wright
- Dudley Topper
- Epstein Becker Green

EFTA00032976</table>

A Greek Orthodox priest who also runs a hedge fund lost his First Circuit appeal in a $100 million defamation case against Bloomberg LP on Thursday when a panel ruled that he failed to show the news agency acted with actual malice when it reported in 2016 that he was under investigation for stock manipulation. Read full article »

SECURITIES &amp; WHITE COLLAR

Rakoff Won't Rethink Objector Attys' Fee Bid In Petrobras Deal

U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff said Wednesday that he would not reconsider the significantly downsized attorneys' fees he awarded counsel for an objector to the $3 billion class action settlement with Brazilian oil giant Petrobras, saying uncertainty about an appeal of the class counsel's award shouldn't affect the objector's. Read full article »

CONSUMER PROTECTION

NY AG Seeks Clarity After CFPB's Exit From Legal Funder Suit

New York's attorney general has asked a Manhattan federal judge to clarify her recent rulings in a suit accusing RD Legal Funding of scamming NFL players and 9/11 first responders, saying that it's not clear what claims survive after she found the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau unconstitutional, chucked its claims and then paused the rest. Read full article »

BANKRUPTCY

Pacific Drilling Financing Provisions Pared As Bonuses OK'd

Pacific Drilling SA received bankruptcy court approval Thursday to implement a performance incentive plan that could reward 11 executives with up to nearly $9.6 million in bonuses, but was told to refine a commitment agreement for $300 million in second-lien financing for its proposed Chapter 11 exit. Read full article »

Westinghouse WARN Plaintiffs Split Over Court Jurisdiction

The bitter, monthslong debate over what to do with two putative WARN Act class actions against Westinghouse Electric took another turn Wednesday, as counsel for one set of plaintiffs asked to have both suits transferred to South Carolina, while their counterparts demanded the suits stay put in New York bankruptcy court. Read full article »

EMPLOYMENT

Analysis

NY Sex Harass Guidance May Put Employers In Time Crunch

New York state's recently proposed standards for how businesses should structure anti-sexual harassment policies and conduct newly mandated training sessions could leave employers scrambling to comply with a tight time frame and uncertain about whether the state's proposals meet New York City requirements, experts say. Read full article »

Trump's Personal Driver Of More Than 25 Years Drops OT Suit

President Donald Trump's former chauffeur on Thursday voluntarily withdrew his civil case alleging he worked more than 50 hours a week for decades without ever being paid overtime and that he hadn't been given a "meaningful" raise in 12 years. Read full article »

COMPETITION

Dentists Get $80M From Supply Cos. To End Collusion Case

A group of dentists has tentatively reached an $80 million settlement in a proposed class action accusing the country's biggest dental supply

Fitzpatrick Cella
Foley &amp; Lardner
Fox Rothschild
Gaffney Lewis
Gibson Dunn
Greines Martin
Hausfeld
Haynes and Boone
Hunton Andrews Kurth
Jackson Lewis
Jenner &amp; Block
Jones Day
Kerr &amp; Wagstaffe
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Klehr Harrison
Knobbe Martens
Kobre &amp; Kim
Kramer Levin
Labaton Sucharow
Locke Lord
Mayer Brown
McKool Smith
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Motley Rice
Novak Druce
Ogletree Deakins
Outten &amp; Golden
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Polsinelli
Pomerantz LLP
Prince Lobel
Proskauer Rose
Quinn Emanuel
Robbins Geller
Roylance Abrams
Sanford Heisler Sharp
Schertler &amp; Onorato
Schwartz Perry &amp; Heller
Seward &amp; Kissel
Seyfarth Shaw
Sheppard Mullin
Skadden
Susman Godfrey
The Gardner Firm PC
The Jaffe Law Firm
Togut Segal
Venable LLP
Vinson &amp; Elkins
Willkie Farr
Yarborough Applegate

EFTA00032977

companies of colluding to fix prices on crowns, numbing agents, X-ray accessories and other products, the parties announced on Thursday. Read full article »

## CONTRACTS

### DOJ Says It Can Prove Novartis Dinners Were Kickbacks

The U.S. Department of Justice shot back against Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp.'s claims that extensive discovery hasn't turned up proof that the drugmaker bribed doctors to write prescriptions through its fraudulent speaker program, telling a New York federal court that the government will be able to win the case. Read full article »

## REAL ESTATE &amp; DEVELOPMENT

### Certilman Balin Helps With $71M Loan For Queens Properties

Capital One NA has loaned $71 million to real estate agency Central Queens Properties for various apartment buildings in Queens, a matter Certilman Balin Adler &amp; Hyman LLP worked on, according to records made public in New York on Thursday. Read full article »

### Real Estate Rumors: Baring, Bridge, Jonas

Baring Private Equity Asia has reportedly closed a $1 billion real estate fund, Bridge Development Partners is said to have picked up a Chicago-area development site for $50 million, and Jonas Equities has reportedly paid $46 million for two Brooklyn multifamily properties. Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### 10 Ways To Prevent E-Discovery Woes

E-discovery is not easy, but employing these 10 strategies may help minimize future headaches, say Debbie Reynolds and Daryl Gardner of EimerStahl Discovery Solutions LLC. Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### Strong Local Economy A Springboard For Texas Powerhouses

The recovery of oil prices and the continued influx of out-of-state firms entering the Texas legal market led to an active and competitive year for firms statewide, but five law firms edged out the rest with work including paving the way for the purchase of the Houston Rockets, opening the door for major retailers like Walmart Inc. to sell liquor in Texas and reshaping oilfield ownership. Read full article »

## Feature

### IP Pressures Could Fuel More Law Firm Mergers

Venable LLP's planned combination with Fitzpatrick Cella Harper &amp; Scinto continues a trend of general service firms acquiring intellectual property boutiques, and experts say more tie-ups could be coming amid challenges in the IP market and a desire from law firms to find a competitive edge. Read full article »

### Conflict Sinks Sheppard Mullin Fee Win, Calif. Justices Say

The California Supreme Court chose Thursday not to provide a final answer in a $3.8 million fee dispute between Sheppard Mullin Richter &amp; Hampton LLP and a former client, ruling that an arbitration award in favor of the firm is invalid because of an undisclosed conflict and deciding Sheppard Mullin must argue its case before a trial court. Read full article »

### Ex-Ogletree Atty Failed To Opt Out Of Arbitration, Firm Says

The former Ogletree Deakins Nash Smoak &amp; Stewart PC shareholder suing the firm for gender bias in a $300 million proposed class action should have

## COMPANIES

- Alstom SA
- Altman Weil Inc.
- Amgen Inc.
- Archrock Inc.
- BTI Consulting Group Inc.
- Bank of America Corporation
- Barclays PLC
- Baring Private Equity Asia Ltd.
- Benco Dental Supply Co. Inc.
- BlackBerry Ltd.
- Bloomberg
- Bombardier Inc.
- CenterPoint Energy Inc.
- Citigroup Inc.
- Competitive Enterprise Institute
- Devon Energy Corp.
- Enlink Midstream Partners LP
- Exterro Inc.
- Fairfield Residential Co. LLC
- Global Infrastructure Partners
- Google Inc.
- Henry Schein Inc.
- Hospira Inc.
- Houston Rockets
- JM Eagle
- JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
- Johns Manville Corp.
- LM Ericsson Telephone Company
- Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.
- Microsoft Corporation
- NFL Enterprises LLC
- National Basketball Association
- Novartis AG
- Papa John's International Inc.
- Petrobras
- Plantronics Inc.
- R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. Inc.
- RD Legal Funding LLC
- Skechers USA Inc.
- StreetEasy Inc.
- The Boeing Company
- Trump Organization Inc.
- VEON Ltd.
- Vectren Corp.
- VimpelCom Ltd.
- Vizio Inc.
- Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
- Westinghouse Electric Corp.
- World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc.
- Zeughauser Group LLC

EFTA00032978

known she had consented to an arbitration pact when she failed to opt out of the agreement, the firm told a California federal court Wednesday. Read full article »

## Judge Taps Public Defender For Shapiro's Accused Killer

The Illinois state court judge overseeing the murder case against the accused killer of Mayer Brown LLP appellate practice leader Stephen Shapiro tapped the Cook County Public Defender's Office to represent the man on Thursday after learning he has no money to pay for private representation. Read full article »

## Bombardier Lands New General Counsel

Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. has found its new top lawyer in Alain Rondeau, who is set to replace the outgoing general counsel when he retires at the end of the year, the company said Thursday. Read full article »

## Female Lawyers Group Slams 'Patronizing' Kavanaugh

The National Association of Women Lawyers has rated D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh "not qualified" for the U.S. Supreme Court over his record on women's rights issues such as abortion, calling one of his recent writings "patronizing" and "inflammatory," though otherwise finding him "supportive of women professionally." Read full article »

## Law360's Weekly Verdict: Legal Lions &amp; Lambs

Paul Hastings LLP leads this week's pride of legal lions, notching four wins for Google at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board, while Jones Day and its co-counsel landed on the legal lambs list after juries hit client R.J. Reynolds with a pair of product liability verdicts totaling $113.3 million. Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  Corporate Associate (New York Office) | Intellectual Property – Patent Agent (Biology)  |
| --- | --- |
|  McCarter & English, LLP
New York, New York | Troutman Sanders
New York, New York  |
|  Associate | Partner – Corporate mid-market or Litigation  |
|  Mendes & Mount, LLP
New York, New York | Anderson Kill
New York, Philadelphia or Newark, New York  |
|  Jr IP litigator/BigLaw NYC | Junior and Mid-Level Associates for D&O/Financial Lines Coverage & Litigation Group  |
|  Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York | Kennedys CMK LLP
New York, New York  |
|  Employment Associate / NY mid-size law firm | L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm  |
|  Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York | Schoen Legal Search
New York City, New York  |
|  NJ top firm seeks NYC Law Ptr tired of commuting | 40 lawyer top notch full service firm seeks mid-level corp associate  |
|  Schoen Legal Search
Short Hills, New York | Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York  |
|  Intellectual Property – Patent Agent | Corporate Associate (New York Office)  |
|  Troutman Saunders
New York, New York | McCarter & English, LLP
New York, New York  |

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

- California Supreme Court
- Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
- Department of Commerce
- European Union
- Federal Trade Commission
- International Trade Commission
- New York Attorney General's Office
- Securities and Exchange Commission
- Texas Supreme Court
- U.S. Department of Justice
- U.S. Supreme Court
- United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.

EFTA00032979

However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc. 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032980