From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Ex-Katten Atty Gets 18 Months In Prison For Shkreli Fraud
Date: Mon, 20 Aug 2018 07:57:59 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR
Monday, August 20, 2018
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Ex-Katten Atty Gets 18 Months In Prison For Shkreli Fraud

Former Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP attorney Evan Greebel on Friday was sentenced to 18 months in prison over allegations that he aided now-imprisoned former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli in defrauding Retrophin Inc. Read full article »

## Prenda 'Porn Troll' Atty Pleads Guilty To Fraud Charges

A former attorney who filed thousands of copyright suits over pornography in an elaborate scheme known as Prenda Law reached an agreement Friday to plead guilty to federal fraud and money laundering conspiracy charges. Read full article »

## Manafort Judge Talks Threats In Not Releasing Jurors' Names

The Virginia federal judge overseeing the Paul Manafort trial on Friday revealed he has received threats during the case and expressed concern that revealing the names of jurors deliberating the fate of the former Trump campaign chair could put their "peace and safety" at risk. Read full article »

## Mueller Wants Up To 6 Months In Prison For Ex-Trump Aide

Special Counsel Robert Mueller on Friday recommended a prison sentence of zero to six months for the former Trump adviser who pled guilty to lying to investigators about his interactions with individuals alleged to have ties to the Russian government during his time working for the campaign. Read full article »

## Feds Fire Back At Sheldon Silver's Post-Conviction Bail Bid

Federal prosecutors on Thursday rejected as "baseless" a request by Sheldon Silver to stay free while appealing his conviction and seven-year sentence for political corruption, telling a Manhattan federal judge that the jury that convicted the former New York Assembly speaker had clear instructions. Read full article »

## 11th Circ. Affirms Sentence For Disability Group's Ex-CEO

An Eleventh Circuit panel on Friday backed a five-year prison sentence given to the former chief executive of a Florida organization that operated programs for the developmentally disabled who had been convicted of scheming to divert clients' Social Security benefits. Read full article »

# SECURITIES

## 2nd Circ. Won't Revive Madoff 'Feeder Fund' Class Action

Law360 Pro Say Podcast
Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS

Allen &amp; Overy
Anderson Kill
Baker Donelson
Bartlit Beck
Boies Schiller
Butler Rubin
Chaffetz Lindsey
Cleary Gottlieb
Cohen Milstein
Cohen Seglias
Cooley
Coots Henke
DLA Piper
Epstein Becker Green
Fish &amp; Richardson
Fox Rothschild
Gibson Dunn
Greenberg Traurig
Hinshaw &amp; Culbertson
Hogan Lovells
Hughes Hubbard
Jomarron Lopez
Katten Muchin

EFTA00032642</fcel></news-alt@law360.com>

A three-judge panel of the Second Circuit rejected an effort by investors in two so-called feeder funds that were linked to Bernie Madoff's fraudulent investment scheme to revive their class action against the funds' managers, auditors, consultant and administrator, ruling Friday that a lower judge was right to dismiss the case. Read full article »

## US Takes Ex-HSBC Trader's Extradition Win To Top UK Court

The U.S. is appealing the denial of extradition of a former HSBC foreign exchange trader to the U.K.'s highest court, prosecutors said Thursday, to face charges in New York alleging he and a colleague defrauded bank client Cairn Energy PLC by trading ahead of a $3.5 billion forex deal for the Scottish oil and gas developer. Read full article »

## Dutch National Gets 17 Years For $2.5M Investment Schemes

An Illinois federal judge on Thursday sentenced a Dutch national to 17 years in prison in an international criminal fraud case that saw the man cop to procuring more than $2.5 million through fake investment schemes between 1998 and 2010. Read full article »

## Ex-Constellation CEO Says He Is Victim In Stock Fraud Suit

The ex-CEO of bankrupt Constellation Healthcare Technologies Inc. Thursday asked a New Jersey federal court to dismiss claims he engaged in securities fraud, alleging he is the victim of an investor's takeover scheme. Read full article »

## LEGAL ETHICS

## Fraudster's Ex-Wife Gets Email Hunt Paused In Atty Tryst Suit

An Indiana federal court on Friday temporarily paused discovery for emails sent by the ex-wife of an incarcerated hedge fund manager in his suit claiming that his attorney had an affair with his wife while representing him in his criminal case, but refused to halt discovery all together. Read full article »

## Analysis

## Despite Abuse Horrors, Attys Feel Duty To Defend The Church

Despite horrific details in a recently unveiled grand jury report about sexual abuse suffered by more than a thousand victims at the hands of Catholic clergy in Pennsylvania, attorneys who have represented the church say that public scorn hasn't swayed them from their duty to provide a vigorous defense. Read full article »

## SPORTS

## Analysis

## NCAA Reforms Fail To Fix Basketball's Corruption Problem

The NCAA recently enacted a set of sweeping reforms that provide modest benefits to the small percentage of student-athletes who pursue a professional basketball career, but experts say the changes do not adequately address the serious issues at the center of a federal corruption probe into college basketball. Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Extra Protection For Press In Law Enforcement Investigations

When the FBI seized a New York Times journalist's phone and email records earlier this year, the press was outraged. The authority to seize documents from a reporter has a higher threshold of approval than for normal investigations, and the failure to follow those requirements has a unique statutory remedy, say Thomas Barnard and Macy Climo of Baker Donelson Bearman Caldwell &amp; Berkowitz PC. Read full article »

## Series

Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Kleinbard LLC
Kline &amp; Specter
Kobre &amp; Kim
Lackey Hershman
Latham &amp; Watkins
Littler Mendelson
Mayer Brown
Meyer Darragh
Mintz Levin
Morgan Lewis
Nelson Mullins
Paul Hastings
Proskauer Rose
Quinn Buseck
Quinn Emanuel
Reed Smith
Robins Kaplan
Saul Ewing
Selendy &amp; Gay
Senniger Powers
Sidley Austin
Skadden
Stinson Leonard
Stradley Ronon
Vladeck Raskin
Weitz &amp; Luxenberg
White and Williams
Williams &amp; Connolly
Willkie Farr
WilmerHale

## COMPANIES

Adidas AG
Airbnb Inc.
American Civil Liberties Union
Apple Inc.
Archdiocese of Washington
Bank of America Corporation
CBOE Holdings Inc.
Cairn Energy PLC
Consumer Federation of America
Democratic National Committee
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Epic Systems Corp.
Facebook
Google Inc.
HSBC Holdings PLC
Kelly Services, Inc.
London Stock Exchange Group
PLC

EFTA00032643

EFTA00032644

# Judging A Book: Lipez Reviews 'Last Great Colonial Lawyer'

In his new book, "The Last Great Colonial Lawyer: The Life and Legacy of Jeremiah Gridley," Charles McKirdy argues that Gridley — someone I had never heard of — was the last great colonial lawyer, and that his cases illuminate his times. The author largely substantiates both claims, says First Circuit Judge Kermit Lipez. Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

## Feature

### 3rd Circ. Oral Argument Dip Troubling, Chief Judge Says

The Third Circuit appellate bar is trying to reverse a troubling decline in oral arguments before its panels, which its Chief Judge D. Brooks Smith in an exclusive interview with Law360 says could have been brought on by a "stunning" increase in pro se filings he traces to the Great Recession of the late aughts. Read full article »

### Quinn Emanuel Says Ex-Partners Can't Duck Fee Arbitration

Quinn Emanuel Urquhart &amp; Sullivan LLP reiterated on Thursday in New York court that its former partners who launched Selendy &amp; Gay PLLC cannot escape arbitrating a dispute over a clause in their partnership agreement requiring them to remit fees earned from clients they took to their new firm. Read full article »

## Feature

### 3 Reasons Attys Should Learn A Foreign Language

Becoming fluent in a foreign language may seem daunting, but the challenge can offer big rewards, including career opportunities and personal satisfaction, for attorneys willing to take it on. Here, Law360 looks at three reasons why lawyers should learn languages other than their own. Read full article »

### Stinson Leonard Grows In St. Louis With IP Boutique Tie-Up

Stinson Leonard Street LLP continued its expansion streak Thursday, announcing plans to acquire 28-strong St. Louis intellectual property boutique Senniger Powers LLP, following up on two new office openings earlier this year. Read full article »

### Kavanaugh Will Meet With Top Senate Opponent

U.S. Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh will come face-to-face with his opposition Monday as he sits down with Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee and the lawmaker leading the fight against his confirmation. Read full article »

### Ex-Clerk Says NY Courts Protected Judge Who Harassed Her

A former law clerk has accused the New York state judicial system of covering up for a judge who she says sexually harassed her, allegations she made in a suit filed in federal court against the jurist and 16 other judges, administrators and attorneys. Read full article »

## Feature

### GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

The Sixth Circuit ruled the Fair Labor Standards Act doesn't on its own thwart arbitration agreements, consumer groups fought back against industry attempts to amend a hastily enacted landmark privacy law in California and British police warned of an increase in cryptocurrency fraud. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week. Read full article »

### In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week. Read

## Microsoft Corporation

- Monsanto Co.
- NBCUniversal Inc.
- National Basketball Association
- National Collegiate Athletic Association
- New York Times Co.
- New York University
- PayPal Inc.
- PricewaterhouseCoopers
- Quicken Loans Inc.
- Retrophin Inc.
- Robert Half International Inc.
- State Bar of California
- The American Law Institute
- The City University of New York
- The ERISA Industry Committee
- Turing Pharmaceuticals AG
- USA Basketball
- Villanova University
- WeWork LLC
- Yahoo! Inc.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

- Federal Bureau of Investigation
- Food and Drug Administration
- Internal Revenue Service
- Judicial Conference of the United States
- Massachusetts Legislature
- Securities and Exchange Commission
- Social Security Administration
- U.S. Attorney's Office
- U.S. Department of Justice
- U.S. Supreme Court

full article »

Podcast

# Law360's Pro Say: Disabled Attys Fight For A Place In BigLaw

The legal profession can be a lonely place for attorneys with disabilities. They are often overlooked in diversity discussions, and may feel pressure to downplay their disability out of fear of facing bias and stigma. On this week's Pro Say podcast, we dive into these challenges and highlight how disabled attorneys are fighting for their place in the law. Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

## Labor &amp; Employment Associate (Newark, NJ Office)

McCarter &amp; English, LLP

Newark, New Jersey

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.

However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,

you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032645