From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: <redacted>
Subject: Roger Stone's Fine, Supervision Term Also Lifted By Trump
Date: Tue, 14 Jul 2020 08:00:08 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR

Tuesday, July 14, 2020
Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Roger Stone's Fine, Supervision Term Also Lifted By Trump

The details of Republican political operative Roger Stone's commutation came to light Monday, showing that President Donald Trump wiped out Stone's supervised release and fine along with his prison sentence.

*1 document attached | Read full article »*

## Berman Resists Talking Motives For Ouster In New Transcript

Former Manhattan U.S. Attorney Geoffrey Berman resisted attempts by members of the House Judiciary Committee to get him to speculate on the possible reasons for his controversial ouster last month, according to a transcript of last week's closed-door congressional hearing made public on Monday.

*Transcript attached | Read full article »*

## Have Too Many Cases? Judge Leon Doesn't Want To Hear It

A government attorney wanted U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon to consider deadlines she faces in other cases before he issues a scheduling order in a suit over a sex trafficking law, but the D.C. federal judge offered no sympathy Monday, firing back that the administration has the staff to help her meet the deadlines.

*Read full article »*

## Weinstein Atty Defends Press Tactics That Sparked Gag Order

Harvey Weinstein lawyer Donna Rotunno said Monday she had no choice but to take her advocacy to the press during his sex assault trial, even though the practice eventually prompted a judge to enter a gag order against her team during jury deliberations.

*Read full article »*

## Weinstein Accusers Call $19M Class Deal 'A Cruel Hoax'

Several of Harvey Weinstein's accusers have lodged their opposition to the proposed $18.9 million settlement the Hollywood producer and convicted rapist reached to end a putative class action in New York alleging he sexually abused dozens of women, on Monday calling the deal "a cruel hoax" that would benefit Weinstein more than his accusers.

*3 documents attached | Read full article »*

## DOJ Shuts Down Websites Shilling 'False' COVID-19 Vaccines

A Kentucky federal judge on Monday ordered the shutdown of a series of related websites and a Facebook page offering preregistration for a

Law360 Practice Groups of the Year

## LAW FIRMS

- Bleichmar Fonti
- Boies Schiller
- Brannock &amp; Humphries
- Buckley LLP
- Crowell &amp; Moring
- Davis Wright Tremaine
- Dressman Benzinger
- Duane Morris
- Epstein Becker Green
- FeganScott
- Fenwick &amp; West
- Foley &amp; Lardner
- Gibson Dunn
- Goodwin
- Greenberg Traurig
- Hagens Berman
- Hill Ward Henderson
- Hogan Lovells
- Hutchinson Black
- Jackson Lewis
- Keller Rohrback
- Kirkland &amp; Ellis
- Kupferstein Manuel

EFTA00032951</redacted>

nonexistent COVID-19 vaccine in exchange for $100 worth of bitcoin after the Louisville man prosecutors claim is behind the scam agreed to a preliminary injunction.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

SUPREME COURT REVIEW

Feature

The Sharpest Dissents From The Supreme Court Term

The majority of this term's dissents came from the court's right-leaning justices, and many of their sharpest critiques stemmed from suits over Trump administration policies. Here, Law360 looks at some of the fieriest.

Read full article »

Feature

The Chattiest Justice Of The Term Is ...

One justice again stood out as the chattiest member of the Supreme Court this term. But that jurist's talk was tempered when the coronavirus pandemic forced the court to close its doors and conduct remote oral arguments, which were livestreamed for the first time in history.

Read full article »

Feature

The Funniest Moments Of The Supreme Court's Term

Justice Stephen Breyer conjured up a baffling hypothetical involving a Roman emperor, Chief Justice John Roberts stepped up his game on popular slang, and a toilet flushed loudly as a Latham &amp; Watkins lawyer discussed constitutional rights. Here, Law360 highlights the most mirthful moments from this past term's U.S. Supreme Court arguments.

Read full article »

PUBLIC INTEGRITY

NY Police Union Boss Charged With Defrauding Annuity Fund

Manhattan federal prosecutors on Monday accused the head of a New York City law enforcement union of defrauding members by raiding the union's retirement fund.

Read full article »

LEGAL ETHICS

Panama Papers Attys Fight Netflix Bid To Nix Defamation Suit

The attorneys whose now-defunct firm Mossack Fonseca was involved in the Panama Papers scandal asked a California federal judge to reject Netflix's bid for dismissal of a suit alleging its movie "The Laundromat" was defamatory.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

HEALTH

Latham &amp; Watkins
Lewis Brisbois
Marie A. Mattox PA
McDermott Will
Morris Nichols
O'Melveny &amp; Myers
Paul Hastings
Potter Anderson
Pryor Cashman
Rheingold Giuffra
Scott &amp; Corley
Seward &amp; Kissel
Seyfarth Shaw
Todd &amp; Weld
Whistleblower Law Collaborative
Wigdor LLP
WilmerHale

COMPANIES

American Bar Association
Associated Press
Booking.com BV
Boston University
Cable-Satellite Public Affairs
Network
Chevron Corp.
Deloitte Touche
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Ernst &amp; Young LLP
Facebook Inc.
Fossil Group Inc.
HCP Inc.
Institute for Justice
Integreon Managed Solutions Inc.
KPMG International
Law Enforcement Employees
Benevolent Association
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.
LexisNexis Group
LinkedIn Corp.
Morgan Stanley
NantKwest Inc.
Netflix Inc.
New York City Bar Association
Novartis AG
Outokumpu
PricewaterhouseCoopers
International Ltd.
Questcor Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
RELX PLC
Spartan Race Inc.
Thomson Reuters Corp.

EFTA00032952

EFTA00032953

# 6th Circ. Won't Overturn Pill Mill Operator's Conviction

The Sixth Circuit on Friday upheld the conviction of a Michigan man for running an opioid pill mill, saying a jury instruction did not wrongly lead jurors to think that the standard required by "reasonable doubt" was lower than it actually is.

*Opinion attached | Read full article »

# Mallinckrodt Aims To Nix Medicaid FCA Suit Over Acthar Gel

The government is wrongly conflating fraud with a regulatory disagreement, Mallinckrodt ARD LLC told a Massachusetts federal court Monday, urging a judge to toss False Claims Act claims centering on its pricey H.P. Acthar Gel drug, which treats infantile spasms and other conditions.

*Memorandum attached | Read full article »

## SPORTS &amp; BETTING

### California Couple Cops To 'Varsity Blues' Charges

A California couple will plead guilty to charges in the "Varsity Blues" college admissions scandal, becoming the 27th and 28th parents to admit their guilt in the high-profile case in a pair of plea agreements filed late Friday.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### 5 Compliance Lessons From Novartis' FCPA Settlement

Novartis' parallel settlements with the U.S. Department of Justice and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to resolve criminal Foreign Corrupt Practices Act allegations emphasize risk points for life sciences companies, especially for repeat offenders, say attorneys at Paul Hastings.

*Read full article »

#### Opinion

### Criminal Contempt Charges In Donziger Case Are Excessive

We are deeply troubled by many aspects of a New York federal judge's criminal contempt case against human rights attorney Steven Donziger, including extraordinary and unfair pretrial home confinement, say retired U.S. District Judges Nancy Gertner and Mark Bennett.

*Read full article »

### Alleged ICO Fraud Highlights Compliance Considerations

Parallel U.S. Department of Justice and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission fraud charges connected with NAC Foundation's digital currency offering draw attention to the use of undercover agents in financial crime investigations, the risk of retaining questionable service providers, and heightened securities law scrutiny in the space, says Casey O'Neill at Fenwick.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

### Associates Can Prioritize Biz Development Despite Pandemic

Although many traditional business development activities are on hold due to the COVID-19 pandemic, associates should seize the unique opportunities of this time to cultivate business by strengthening their personal and professional relationships, and developing new ones, says Jeremy Schneider at Jackson Lewis.

*Read full article »*

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

Twitter Inc.
University of Southern California
Washington Post Co.

## GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

- Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services
- Commodity Futures Trading Commission
- Federal Communications Commission
- Federal Trade Commission
- Food and Drug Administration
- Internal Revenue Service
- New York Attorney General's Office
- U.S. Attorney's Office
- U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
- U.S. Department of Homeland Security
- U.S. Department of Justice
- U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
- U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
- U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
- U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
- U.S. District Court for the Western District of Kentucky
- U.S. House of Representatives
- U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
- U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
- U.S. Senate
- U.S. Supreme Court

# Deloitte Expands Legal Business Services Unit To US

Deloitte is stepping up its alternative legal business service offerings in the U.S. with the launch of a new practice that will offer legal management consulting and technology services to companies, the Big Four accounting firm announced Monday.

Read full article »

# Many In Atty Ranks Down About The Future Of Their Industry

Less than half of attorneys and legal industry professionals feel positive about the future of the industry, according to a new survey by mentoring organization MOSAIC Collective, with the biggest concerns being technology, economic uncertainty and the industry's ability to adapt to change.

Read full article »

# Facebook Vies To Keep Gibson Dunn Probe Out Of Discovery

Facebook urged a California federal magistrate judge Monday to reject efforts by users suing over the Cambridge Analytica scandal to review a Gibson Dunn-led investigation, saying the law firm's look into possible misbehavior by some Facebook developers is largely protected by attorney-client privilege.

Read full article »

# Boies Schiller Adds Bankruptcy Attys In NY, London

Boies Schiller Flexner LLP has added the former head of derivatives bankruptcy strategy at Lehman Brothers Holdings and the former executive director of distressed special situations at Nomura International PLC to its New York and London offices, respectively, the firm announced Monday.

Read full article »

# Foley &amp; Lardner Can Foreclose On $29M Condo Loan

Foley &amp; Lardner has standing to foreclose on a $29 million loan for a condominium development, a Florida appeals court has ruled, after finding that the law firm was the successor in interest to the loan servicer under an asset management agreement.

Read full article »

# 'Grim Reaper' Atty Blasts Fla. Gov.'s Virus 'Inaction' In Appeal

A Florida attorney who has made waves appearing as the Grim Reaper across the state during the COVID-19 pandemic blasted Gov. Ron DeSantis for his inaction as he urged a state appeals court to revive his case asking the courts to impose beach closures and a statewide stay-at-home order.

Read full article »

# Legal Startup Says Westlaw Wants 'Monopoly' Over Law Texts

A legal research startup called ROSS Intelligence fired back Monday at a copyright lawsuit filed by Westlaw owner Thomson Reuters, accusing the bigger company of seeking "a monopoly over access to public legal texts."

Read full article »

# Interview

## 15 Minutes With Spartan Race's General Counsel

Spartan Race in mid-June held its first U.S. event since the outbreak of the coronavirus, though the competition was "extremely modified" to ensure safety, said general counsel Deanna Sheridan. Here, she explains some of the biggest challenges her organization is facing and how she envisions future obstacle race course events will look.

Read full article »

EFTA00032954

EFTA00032955

JOBS
Search full listings or advertise your job opening

Attorney
U.S. Securities &amp; Exchange Commission
Washington, District of Columbia

White Plains boutique seeks associate litigator (3-7 yrs)
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York

NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM SEEKS PARTNERS
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

MID TO SENIOR LEVEL PARTNER TRACK CORPORATE ASSOCIATE
www.dunnington.com
New York, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011