From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <redacted>
Subject: KPMG's Middendorf Says He Blew Whistle On PCAOB Leaks
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2019 08:36:54 +0000

Law360 New York
NEW YORK
Tuesday, March 5, 2019
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### KPMG's Middendorf Says He Blew Whistle On PCAOB Leaks
A former KPMG partner on trial for an alleged conspiracy to steal inspection plans from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board took the stand in his own defense Monday, telling a Manhattan federal jury he'd acted appropriately, not criminally, upon learning of the scheme.
*Read full article* »

### Ex-Trump Associate Hacked Mariah Carey's Ex-Manager: Suit
A former associate of President Donald Trump hacked electronics belonging to Mariah Carey's ex-manager, according to a $1 million suit that was filed in New York federal court Friday shortly before the defendant, a Russian-born businessman, is slated to testify to Congress about the Trump Tower Moscow project.
*Read full article* »

### 7th MoFo Atty Added To $200M Pregnancy Bias Suit
A former New York-based Morrison &amp; Foerster LLP lawyer has become the seventh female attorney to join a $200 million California federal class action accusing the firm of systematically discriminating against pregnant women, claiming she was unlawfully fired for not being adequately "committed" to the firm after twice taking maternity leave.
*Read full article* »

### Wesco Says NY Attys Hid Misconduct Claims, Voiding Policy
Wesco Insurance Co. sued Zane &amp; Rudofsky in New York state court on Monday, saying the law firm didn't disclose that it was once on the verge of being sanctioned for misconduct and likely faced a malpractice suit when it purchased a professional liability policy.
*Read full article* »

## CONSUMER PROTECTION

### Coffee Seller Hit With False Labeling Suit Over 'Kona' Blends
A consumer hit L &amp; K Coffee Co. LLC with a proposed class action in New York federal court Sunday alleging some of its Magnum Exotics coffee blends are wrongly labeled as "Kona" coffee because the mixtures don't have the same composition as authentic "Kona" coffee.
*Read full article* »

## EMPLOYMENT

Law360 Pro Say Podcast
Listen to our new podcast here

### LAW FIRMS
Akin Gump
Axinn
Bailey &amp; Glasser
Baker McKenzie
Brown Rudnick
Bruch Hanna
Cadwalader Wickersham
Clifford Chance
Cohen &amp; Frankel LLP
Cole Schotz
Davis Polk
Emery Celli
Fried Frank
Gibson Dunn
Harris Wiltshire
Hunton Andrews Kurth
Jones Day
Katsky Korins
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Latham &amp; Watkins
Levi &amp; Korsinsky
Levitt &amp; Boccio
Lucas Magazine

EFTA00032454</redacted>

# NY Wants Info On Cos. Getting Federal Wage Theft 'Amnesty'

The New York attorney general's office sued the Trump administration Monday, demanding records from the U.S. Department of Labor related to a federal wage theft self-reporting program called Payroll Audit Independent Determination, calling it a "non-enforcement initiative" that gives amnesty to violators.

Read full article »

# Firm Ordered To Drop Arbitration Bid In $2.3M Atty Fee Fight

The New York federal judge who oversaw the settlement of a case focused on a Citigroup employee retirement plan ordered one of the plaintiff co-counsels on Monday to withdraw a request for court-ordered arbitration to resolve a dispute over $2.3 million in legal fees.

Read full article »

# SECURITIES &amp; WHITE COLLAR

## Insys Investors Seek Cert. In Fentanyl Stock Drop Suit

Insys Therapeutics Inc. investors urged a New York federal judge Friday to certify their putative class action accusing the pharmaceutical company of overstating its opioid spray's financial strength, a move that sparked a stock downturn once the accounting problems were revealed.

Read full article »

## Wiretapped Ex-Asst. DA's Suit Against NYC, Staff Survives

A former Brooklyn assistant district attorney who sued New York City and several city workers who allegedly failed to prevent renegade prosecutor Tara Lenich from wiretapping her has had most of her case survive dismissal, with the court cutting one claim against individual defendants but greenlighting the rest of the suit.

Read full article »

## Adidas Bribery Convict Contests Schools' Restitution Bids

One of three men convicted of bribing student basketball players to attend Adidas-sponsored schools urged a New York federal judge Monday to deny two of the schools' restitution bids, saying they filed the requests too late and are not entitled to attorney fees.

Read full article »

# MERGERS &amp; ACQUISITIONS

## Nasdaq Matches Euronext's Bid For Norway Exchange

Nasdaq Inc. on Monday increased its offer to buy Norwegian stock exchange Oslo Bors VPS, matching a competing bid from Euronext NV worth 6.8 billion Norwegian krone ($795 million) as the trading venues look to sway shareholders to their respective sides.

Read full article »

# ENERGY &amp; ENVIRONMENTAL

## EPA Chief Touts Superfund Progress, Slams Enviro Critics

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Andrew Wheeler on Monday touted the EPA's success in finalizing cleanups at Superfund sites across the country in 2018, and slammed environmentalists who say too many sites are being written off too quickly.

Read full article »

# REAL ESTATE &amp; DEVELOPMENT

Manatt Phelps
Marks O'Neill
McTigue Law
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Morrison Cohen
Nexsen Pruet
Nixon Peabody
Ogletree Deakins
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Petrillo Klein
Pierce Bainbridge
Pillsbury Winthrop
Pryor Cashman
Quinn Emanuel
Robinson Brog
Ropes &amp; Gray
Rubin Ehrlich
Sanford Heisler Sharp
Schulte Roth
Sheehan &amp; Associates PC
Simpson Thacher
Skadden
Stein Mitchell
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
TMK Attorneys PC
Trench Rossi
Vorys Sater
Wachtell Lipton
Williams &amp; Connolly
Willkie Farr

# COMPANIES

Abercrombie &amp; Fitch
Adidas AG
Amazon.com Inc.
BNSF Railway Co.
Big Lots Inc.
CIM Group Inc.
Citigroup Inc.
Euronext Amsterdam NV
HSBC Holdings PLC
JBS SA
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
KPMG International
LinkedIn Corp.
Lord &amp; Taylor LLC
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
NASDAQ OMX Group Inc.
NBCUniversal Inc.

EFTA00032455

EFTA00032456

# NYC Real Estate Week In Review

Gibson Dunn &amp; Crutcher LLP, Fried Frank Harris Shriver &amp; Jacobson LLP and Cole Schotz PC were among more than a dozen law firms that helped with the largest New York City real estate deals that hit public records last week, a group of transactions that included WeWork's $850 million purchase of a Manhattan property.

Read full article »

# PEOPLE

## Axinn Hires Ex-Manatt Phelps Competition Pro For NY Office

Axinn Veltrop &amp; Harkrider LLP has announced the hiring of an attorney who formerly co-chaired Manatt Phelps &amp; Phillips LLP's antitrust and competition practice as a partner in its New York office.

Read full article »

## Pierce Bainbridge Adds Compliance Chair, Fordham Prof

Pierce Bainbridge Beck Price &amp; Hecht LLP has added as partners a recent Baker McKenzie compliance and investigations group practice chair and a former Ropes &amp; Gray counsel with experience in a wide range of commercial, securities and complex litigation, the firm announced Monday.

Read full article »

# EXPERT ANALYSIS

## Women In Law Need Equal Treatment, Not Affirmative Action

The sheer number of women entering the legal profession means gender equality is coming, one way or the other. This Women's History Month, BigLaw firms should reflect on this with the understanding that they dismiss the flight of senior female attorneys from their ranks at their peril, says Tamara Kurtzman, founder of TMK Attorneys PC.

Read full article »

# LEGAL INDUSTRY

## Ex-Baker McKenzie Atty To Be Deposed Over Tell-All Memo

Baker McKenzie's alleged dirty laundry could soon be aired by a Virginia federal court after a judge on Friday ordered the deposition of a former partner who wrote a mysterious memo regarding alleged misconduct by the firm's attorneys in a Brazilian corruption case tied to one of the world's largest meatpacking companies.

Read full article »

## Justice Ginsburg Bounces Back With 3 Decisions In 3 Weeks

U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has penned three opinions for the high court in the past three weeks, apparently driven to write after missing months of work following cancer surgery in December.

Read full article »

## Jones Day Takes McGahn Back After White House Stint

Donald McGahn is returning to Jones Day to act as the global law firm's U.S. government regulation practice leader, the firm announced Monday, following a stint as White House counsel that included orchestrating the Trump administration's nomination of two U.S. Supreme Court justices.

Read full article »

## AG Barr Won't Recuse Himself From Mueller Probe

Ethics officials at the U.S. Department of Justice have cleared Attorney General William Barr to oversee the probe being conducted by special

National Collegiate Athletic Association
Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board
Regents of the University of California
Stamps.com Inc.
Terreno Realty Corp.
Toys "R" Us Inc.
Twitter Inc.
UDR, Inc.
Vornado Realty Trust
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.
WeWork LLC

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Administrative Conference of the United States
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Executive Office of the President
Federal Election Commission
Federal Trade Commission
Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Copyright Office
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. Department of Labor
U.S. Department of Transportation
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
U.S. Supreme Court
Wage and Hour Division

counsel Robert Mueller, according to a Monday statement, despite concerns about Barr's possible bias against the investigation.

Read full article »

# Former Acting AG Matt Whitaker Leaves DOJ

Former acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker has resigned from the U.S. Department of Justice, a DOJ spokesperson confirmed Monday, less than a month after William Barr was sworn in to replace him.

Read full article »

# New Clifford Chance Program Offers 2-Month Unpaid Leave

Clifford Chance LLP is trying out a program that would allow attorneys to take two months of unpaid leave under a new framework at the firm meant to provide attorneys with a more flexible approach to their work, the firm announced Monday.

Read full article »

# Akin Gump Initiative Will Watch For Retail Trends, Risks

Attorneys across Akin Gump Strauss Hauer &amp; Feld LLP are trying to prepare themselves and their clients for the future of the retail industry's legal landscape through a new "retail industry initiative," the firm said.

Read full article »

# Interview

# 15 Minutes With Big Lots' General Counsel

Ronald "Rocky" Robins Jr. is familiar with both the corporate and private practice realms, as he has held two general counsel positions and worked at Davis Polk and Vorys Sater. Here, the general counsel of Big Lots shares the most rewarding parts of being a lawyer and the qualities he values most in outside counsel.

Read full article »

# JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  Global Privacy & Cybersecurity Associate | Insurance Associate  |
| --- | --- |
|  Hunton Andrews Kurth LLP | Mound Cotton Wollan & Greengrass LLP  |
|  New York, New York | New York, New York  |
|  elite lit boutique // mid level assoc | Mid-Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid Experience in Trademark and Copyright Law  |
|  Schoen Legal Search | Epstein Drangel  |
|  New York, New York | New York, New York  |
|  IP Litigation Paralegal/Legal Assistant with Expert Presentation Skills | NYC Big-Law litigation assoc (3-4 yrs exp)  |
|  Epstein Drangel, LLP | KLR Davis  |
|  New York, New York | New York, New York  |
|  Intellectual Property – Patent Agent | Employment Associate / NY mid-size law firm  |
|  Troutman Sanders LLP | Schoen Legal Search  |
|  New York, New York | New York, New York  |
|  NYC*Corp*Assoc*Mid-sized*Lifestyle | L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm  |
|  Schoen Legal Search | Schoen Legal Search  |
|  NYC, New York | New York City, New York  |
|  Stellar mid-sized firm seeks outstanding mid level m&a atty |   |
|  Schoen Legal Search |   |
|  NYC, New York |   |

EFTA00032457

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.

However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,

you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032458