From: New York Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <redacted>
Subject: Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019
Date: Wed, 02 Jan 2019 09:45:18 +0000

Law360 New York
NEW YORK
Wednesday, January 2, 2019
Follow Law360

# Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019

Big cases often find their homes in New York, and the coming year will be no different. President Donald Trump's campaign-season and charitable conduct have come under legal assault, former Hollywood kingpin Harvey Weinstein faces sexual assault charges and alleged systemic corruption in college basketball will go before a jury. Here, Law360 provides a rundown of some Empire State cases attorneys will be closely watching in 2019. Read full article »

# Financial Services Litigation To Watch In 2019

On the horizon for the financial services industry in the new year are cases that will turn up the heat on the debate over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's constitutionality, test the legality of the much-vaunted fintech banking charter and potentially increase the number of lawsuits from homeowners fighting foreclosure. Here, Law360 examines the cases that experts most often singled out for their potential impact on the industry. Read full article »

# NYC Real Estate Legislation, Regulation To Watch In 2019

Rezoning in various neighborhoods and the question of short-term rentals are among the areas of regulation and legislation that real estate lawyers in New York will be watching in 2019. Read full article »

# Sports Cases To Watch In 2019

After 2018 brought an end to some major long-standing legal disputes in sports, such as a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that opened the door for sports betting, the new year is set to see more developments and potential resolutions to many other significant sports legal cases. Here, Law360 takes a look at sports law cases attorneys to watch in 2019. Read full article »

# EXPERT ANALYSIS

# 3 Key Food And Beverage Trends To Watch In 2019

As we ring in the new year, attorneys with Alston &amp; Bird LLP discuss what to expect from slack-fill litigation, partially hydrogenated oil-related lawsuits, and the messy regulatory landscape of cannabidiol and THC edibles. Read full article »

# Why More Law Firms Will Embrace Remote Work In 2019

Leveraging technology in a fiercely competitive market is a key factor driving law firms toward technology adoption in 2019, as they face growing demand from legal talent and clients for the ability to connect, access and control information whenever and wherever needed, says Tomas Suros of tech provider AbacusNext. Read full article »

Law360 Pro Say Podcast

Listen to our new podcast here

LAW FIRMS
Alston &amp; Bird
Arnold &amp; Porter
Baker Donelson
Bernstein Shur
Boies Schiller
DLA Piper
Dechert
Desmarais LLP
Dickinson Wright
Dykema Gossett PLLC
Fenwick &amp; West
Foley Hoag
Fried Frank
Goodwin
Goulston &amp; Storrs
Gupta Wessler
Haynes and Boone
Hogan Lovells
Hunton Andrews Kurth
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Law Offices of Tim Powers
McCarthy &amp; Holthus
Morvillo Abramowitz

EFTA00032922</redacted>

LEGAL INDUSTRY

# 3 Worries Keeping Managing Partners Up At Night In 2019

Going into 2019, managing partners have a lot on their plates. Here, Law360 takes an in-depth dive into the three things that are worrying managing partners most in 2019. Read full article »

# Law Firms Likely To Keep Expanding Parental Benefits In 2019

Many law firms revamped their parental benefits policies in 2018, making attorneys and staff eligible for more paid leave and moving away from offering different benefits for different genders. Here's a look back at the firms that made waves, and a preview of what we might see in the coming year. Read full article »

# The 3 Hottest Practice Areas For 2019

A strong, although uncertain, economy going into the new year is driving an uptick in work for law firms as corporations scramble to position themselves for success in 2019, creating particularly heavy demand for attorneys in three key practice areas. Read full article »

# Where Lateral Hiring Will Be Most Active In 2019

Buoyed by a strong economy and expectations of continued growth in demand, the increasingly dynamic lateral market shows no signs of slowing in 2019, with some regions more primed for activity than others, according to multiple recruiters and industry reports. Read full article »

# How #MeToo Will Keep Shaping The Legal Industry

In its first year, the #MeToo movement had a profound impact on almost every industry and level of the culture, including the legal sector, where law firms and federal courts were forced to reckon with policies and practices that allowed workplace harassment to go unaddressed for years. Here, Law360 takes a look at some of the ways the #MeToo movement will continue to shape the legal industry in 2019 as it enters its second year. Read full article »

# 4 Worries That Will Keep GCs Awake At Night In 2019

As general counsels across industries plan for the new year, they expect the increasing occurrence of cyberthreats and emerging technologies to be among the most pressing issues that will lead to many sleepless nights in the months ahead. Here, Law360 looks at the primary concerns worrying in-house leaders. Read full article »

# The Factors Shaping General Counsel Pay In 2019

The total amount reflected in many general counsel paychecks has climbed in recent years thanks to complex regulatory environments and the evolving role of the top corporate lawyer, and that trend is only expected to continue in 2019. Read full article »

# 'Leapfrogging' Trump Appeals Jolt Sleepy Supreme Court

The Supreme Court's relatively quiet term is being rocked by the Trump administration's emergency appeals over controversial policies on immigration and transgender service members, thrusting the high court once more into the national spotlight. Read full article »

# Podcast

# Law360's Pro Say: The Biggest Legal Stories Of 2018

For the final episode of Law360's Pro Say podcast in 2018, we're taking a look back at three of the biggest legal stories of the year, including Justice Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court and the sexual assault allegations that followed, immigration policy turmoil around the separation of children from their families at the border, and the criminal

Ogletree Deakins
Orrick Herrington
Patterson Belknap
Paul Hastings
Raines Feldman
Ropes &amp; Gray
Schiff Hardin
Sidley Austin
Stroock &amp; Stroock
Sullivan &amp; Worcester
Tarter Krinsky
Walden Macht
Weil Gotshal
White &amp; Case
Wilson Sonsini
Withers

# COMPANIES

ABN AMRO Bank NV
Adidas AG
Airbnb Inc.
Altman Weil Inc.
Amazon.com Inc.
Association of Corporate Counsel
BTI Consulting Group Inc.
Cato Institute
Choice Hotels International, Inc.
Conference of State Bank Supervisors
Deloitte Touche
DraftKings Inc.
FanDuel Inc.
Fordham University
Gallup Inc.
Google Inc.
Guardian Life Insurance
HSBC Holdings PLC
Huawei Technologies
Jacksonville Jaguars
Lippman Jungers LLC
Luminex Corporation
Major League Soccer LLC
Major Lindsey &amp; Africa
Marriott International Inc.
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance
Microsoft Corporation
NASDAQ OMX Group Inc.
NFL Enterprises LLC
National Basketball Association
National Collegiate Athletic Association

EFTA00032923

allegations against a long list of President Donald Trump's associates. Read full article »

# JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  Associate attorney
LAW OFFICE OF FRANK XU
NEW YORK, New York | Sports partner seeks top mid level litigation assoc/NYC
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York  |
| --- | --- |
|  Lateral Associate
Mendes & Mount, LLP
New York, New York | Patent Agent/Technical Specialist - Biology/Chemistry (New York or Washington, DC Offices)
Steptoe & Johnson LLP
New York, New York  |
|  Mid-Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid Experience in Trademark and Copyright Law
Epstein Drangel
New York, New York | NYC*Corp*Assoc*Mid-sized*Lifestyle
Schoen Legal Search
NYC, New York  |
|  Employment Associate / NY mid-size law firm
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York | L&E Partner -Mid-sized NYC law firm
Schoen Legal Search
New York City, New York  |

OTC Markets Group Inc.<br/>
PHH Corporation<br/>
Pindrop Security Inc.<br/>
RD Legal Funding LLC<br/>
RPN Executive Search LLC<br/>
Robert Half International Inc.<br/>
Tootsie Roll Industries Inc.<br/>
Twitter Inc.<br/>
UBS AG<br/>
United States Olympic Committee<br/>
United States Soccer Federation Inc.<br/>
Washington Post Co.<br/>
Watanabe Nason<br/>
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Bureau of Labor Statistics<br/>
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau<br/>
European Union<br/>
Federal Bureau of Investigation<br/>
Food and Drug Administration<br/>
New York Attorney General's Office<br/>
New York State Gaming Commission<br/>
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency<br/>
Securities and Exchange Commission<br/>
U.S. Department of Justice<br/>
U.S. Department of the Treasury<br/>
U.S. Supreme Court<br/>
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.<br/>
We hope you found this message to be useful.<br/>
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,<br/>
you may unsubscribe here.<br/>
Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.<br/>
Privacy Policy<br/>
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032924