From: Securities Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: <courts@law360.com>
Subject: Coronavirus: Your Afternoon Briefing
Date: Tue, 05 May 2020 18:17:59 +0000

Law360 Special Report
Coronavirus Special Newsletter

Tuesday, May 5, 2020
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### What GCs Want From Outside Counsel As Virus Rages On

Some general counsel and law firms are working together to share the burden of the COVID-19 outbreak, agreeing on discounts, alternative fee arrangements or extensions on legal bills to help weather the financial storm.

### Legal Work Has Plummeted And Lawyers Are Stressed

The number of new legal matters has fallen significantly during the first four months of 2020 compared to the previous year as the world reels from the coronavirus pandemic, and many lawyers are now anxious about the success of their practices, research released Monday shows.

### Coronavirus: How Law Firms Are Handling The Downturn

UPDATED May 5, 2020, 1:25 PM EDT | The spreading coronavirus pandemic has upended the legal industry, forcing firms to cut salaries, lay off attorneys and make changes to summer associate programs. Here is a roundup of how law firms are responding.

### Nixon Peabody Cancels Summer Program Without Job Pledge

Nixon Peabody LLP confirmed Monday that it has canceled its 2020 summer associate program, and was the first firm to do so without also promising to extend job offers to the second-year law students affected.

### Pillsbury Cuts Pay For Attys, Staff In Face Of Pandemic

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP has joined the ranks of law firms rolling out cost-saving measures during the COVID-19 pandemic, confirming Monday that it has made pay cuts in its U.S. offices to help shoulder the economic effects of the crisis.

### Liberals Tell Senate GOP To Focus On Pandemic, Not Judges

As the full Senate convened in Washington for the first time since March, left-leaning civil rights groups on Monday urged Republicans to stop processing President Donald Trump's judicial nominees, starting with a confirmation hearing set for Wednesday.

## CLOSINGS AND RESTRICTIONS

### Coronavirus: The Latest Court Closures And Restrictions

UPDATED May 5, 2020, 1:55 PM EDT | As courts across the country take measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus, some are restricting access and altering their procedures. Here is a roundup of changes.

LAW FIRMS
Akerman LLP
Allen &amp; Overy
Arent Fox
Arnold &amp; Porter
Baker Botts
Baker Donelson
Baker McKenzie
Ballard Spahr
Barack Ferrazzano
Belkin Burden
Benesch Friedlander
Blank Rome
Brown Rudnick
Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner
Buchanan Ingersoll
Cadwalader Wickersham
Cahill Gordon
Cleary Gottlieb
Clifford Chance
Cooley
Covington &amp; Burling
Cozen O'Connor
Cravath Swaine
Crowell &amp; Moring
DAC Beachcroft
DLA Piper
Davis &amp; Gilbert LLP
Davis Wright Tremaine
Debevoise &amp; Plimpton
Dechert
Dentons
Dickinson Wright
Dinsmore &amp; Shohl
Dorsey &amp; Whitney
Duane Morris

EFTA00032893</courts@law360.com>

# Coronavirus: The Latest EU Court Closures And Restrictions

UPDATED May 5, 2020, 11:40 AM GMT | As courts across the region take measures to prevent the spread of the novel coronavirus, some are restricting access and altering their procedures. Here is a roundup of changes.

# UK Judiciary Mulls Radical Measures To Resume Jury Trials

England's judiciary is under pressure to resume jury trials amid a mounting backlog of criminal cases that risks swamping the criminal justice system, but lawyers are at odds over how far the courts should go to get juries seated again.

# Fla. Extends Jury Trial Suspension Until July

Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Charles Canady on Monday extended the suspension of jury trials in Florida state courts until July 2 and expanded the list of court proceedings that will be held remotely during the coronavirus pandemic.

# WHAT IT MEANS FOR ATTORNEYS

# USPTO Unveils Virus Patent Platform, EPO Extends Deadlines

The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office launched a new online marketplace Monday for patents related to COVID-19, while its European counterpart said it is extending certain deadlines until next month due to the pandemic.

# Texas Justices Won't Review Coronavirus Shutdown Orders

The Texas Supreme Court on Tuesday declined to review a challenge brought by 11 businesses fighting what they called "unsupported" edicts and executive orders that city and county officials made to limit businesses during the coronavirus pandemic, finding the issue should be addressed at the trial court level first.

# FDA Slaps Tighter Controls On COVID-19 Antibody Tests

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced Monday that commercial manufacturers of antibody tests for COVID-19 will now be required to submit emergency use authorization requests, a change from a March policy that had more lax oversight for the tests.

# Wages, COVID-19 Tests Pose Hurdles As Employers Reopen

As states begin to allow businesses to unlock their doors, experts say that complying with wage-and-hour laws and administering COVID-19 tests on workers are two areas in which employers rushing to put the pandemic behind them are likely to stumble out of the gate.

# J.Crew Just First In Expected Flood Of Retail Bankruptcies

Clothing retailer J.Crew has become the first large retailer to succumb to the challenges thrust upon the industry as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, but bankruptcy and industry professionals say it won't be the last, as mounting lease obligations may soon outstrip the patience of landlords.

# JCPenney Stalls Sephora Split Over COVID-19 Furloughs

JCPenney is asking a Texas federal court to stop Sephora from pulling out of a long-term agreement to operate mini-stores in hundreds of JCPenney locations after the retailers butted heads about employee furloughs and how to reopen amid the coronavirus pandemic.

# COVID-19 Closures Send Gold's Gym Into Ch. 11

Fitness chain Gold's Gym International filed for Chapter 11 protection in a Texas bankruptcy court Monday, saying COVID-19 closures had spurred the company into implementing a prenegotiated restructuring plan.

Dykema Gossett
Eckert Seamans
Edelson PC
Epstein Becker Green
Eversheds Sutherland
Faegre Drinker
Fisher Phillips
Foley &amp; Lardner
Fox Rothschild
Fragomen Del Rey
Fried Frank
Fross Zelnick
Gibson Dunn
Goldberg Segalla
Goodwin
Greenberg Traurig
Greenspoon Marder
Hinshaw &amp; Culbertson
Hodgson Russ
Hogan Lovells
Hueston Hennigan
Husch Blackwell
Irell &amp; Manella
Jackson Lewis
Jenner &amp; Block
K&amp;L Gates
Katten
Kelley Drye
Kilpatrick Townsend
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Latham &amp; Watkins
Levenfeld Pearlstein
Linklaters
Littler Mendelson
Locke Lord
Loeb &amp; Loeb
Lowenstein Sandler
Manatt Phelps
Marshall Dennehey
Mayer Brown
McDermott Will
McKool Smith
Mintz Levin
Morgan Lewis
Morrison &amp; Foerster
Munger Tolles
Nelson Mullins
Nixon Peabody
Norton Rose
Ogletree Deakins

EFTA00032894

# Coping With A Pandemic: Purple Campaign's Ally Coll

As society continues to adapt to COVID-19, Law360 is sharing reactions from around the business and legal community. Today's perspective comes from Washington, D.C.-based Ally Coll, president and co-founder of The Purple Campaign.

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### Early Pandemic-Related Shifts We're Seeing In Legal Finance

As law firms chart their paths forward during these unsettled times, litigation funders are already observing changes in the types of products firms are seeking, such as an increase in one-off case funding requests, says Eric Blinderman at Therium.

### COVID-19 Gives Congress Greater Incentive To Pass SAFE Act

The SAFE Banking Act provides a cost-free way for Congress to buoy the legal cannabis industry by loosening some of the financial impediments the product's federal status imposes on state-legal businesses, say attorneys at Benesch.

Orrick
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Pepper Hamilton
Phillips Nizer
Pillsbury Winthrop
Pryor Cashman
Quarles &amp; Brady
Reed Smith
Rivkin Radler
Ropes &amp; Gray
Saul Ewing
Schiff Hardin
Schulte Roth
Seyfarth Shaw
Shearman &amp; Sterling
Sheppard Mullin
Shook Hardy
Sidley Austin
Skadden
Slaughter and May
Spain Spain
Squire Patton Boggs
Taft Stettinius
Troutman Sanders
Tucker Ellis
Venable LLP
Vinson &amp; Elkins
Williams &amp; Connolly
Wilson Sonsini
Winston &amp; Strawn
Womble Bond Dickinson

### COMPANIES

Amazon.com Inc.
American Bar Association
Cedar Realty Trust Inc.
GoFundMe Inc.
Gold's Gym International Inc.
Integrity Staffing Solutions
J.C. Penney Co. Inc.
J.Crew Group Inc.
NASDAQ Inc.
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
Neiman Marcus Group
Perspecta Inc.
SBM Offshore NV
Sephora SA
The Bank of New York Mellon Corp.

EFTA00032895

Themis Solutions Inc.
Therium Capital Management Ltd.
Twitter Inc.
WebMD LLC

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
European Union
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Florida Supreme Court
Food and Drug Administration
Georgia Supreme Court
Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Serious Fraud Office
Small Business Administration
Texas Supreme Court
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
U.S. Department of Labor
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas
U.S. House of Representatives
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032896