From: White Collar Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
To: <fcel>Subject: Cohen Nixes Congressional Hearing Over Trump 'Threats' Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2019 08:25:04 +0000

Law360 White Collar

WHITE COLLAR

Thursday, January 24, 2019

Follow Law360

# TOP NEWS

## Cohen Nixes Congressional Hearing Over Trump 'Threats'

Michael Cohen will not appear at a scheduled hearing before a House panel next month in light of "ongoing threats against his family" from President Donald Trump, Cohen's lawyer said Wednesday, casting uncertainty over the longtime Trump attorney's testimony about crimes he committed in dealings with the president. Read full article »

## Jay-Z, Meek Mill, Team Owners Launch Parole Reform Group

Music mogul Jay-Z, rapper Meek Mill, and several professional sports team owners and asset managers on Wednesday launched a $50 million criminal justice reform effort aimed at revamping laws to reduce the number of people on parole or probation. Read full article »

## Ex-Rock Capital Trader Gets 5 Years For False Profits Scheme

A former Rock Capital Markets LLC trader accused of creating false profits and causing his firm to fold after losing over $13.7 million has been sentenced by an Illinois federal judge Wednesday to five years in prison after pleading guilty to one wire fraud charge last year. Read full article »

## Manafort Disputes Plea Breach, Ordered To Attend Hearing

Former Donald Trump presidential campaign chairman Paul Manafort said Wednesday his faulty memory should not be equated to a plea agreement-violating lie as a D.C. federal judge ruled that he must show up for his Friday hearing rather than let his attorneys handle it. Read full article »

## Weinstein Hires Casey Anthony Atty, Harvard Law Professor

A week after announcing a split from his former criminal defense lawyer, Harvey Weinstein has a new legal team consisting of Jose Baez, who led Casey Anthony's murder trial acquittal, and Harvard Law School professor Ronald S. Sullivan, Baez confirmed Wednesday. Read full article »

# COMPLIANCE

## Deutsche Bank Facing Global Scrutiny Over Danske Scandal

Deutsche Bank AG said Wednesday that it has received requests for information from law enforcement agencies and regulators across the globe looking into an alleged multibillion-dollar money laundering scheme at Danish lender Danske Bank. Read full article »

# SECURITIES

## Ex-Barclays Execs Accused Of Duping Shareholders At Trial

Law360 Pro Say Podcast

Listen to our new podcast here

## LAW FIRMS

Akin Gump
Arent Fox
Brafman &amp; Associates
Brownstein Hyatt
Buchalter PC
Cloth Fair Chambers
Covington &amp; Burling
DLA Piper
Desai Law Firm PC
Dinsmore &amp; Shohl
Epstein Becker Green
Essex Court Chambers
Farella Braun
Frost Brown Todd
Gibson Dunn
Gupta Wessler
Hoagland Longo
Hogan Lovells
Holland &amp; Knight
Irell &amp; Manella
Jomarron Lopez
K&amp;L Gates
Kasowitz Benson

EFTA00032577</fcel>

Four former Barclays PLC directors deceived the bank's shareholders by failing to declare additional fees they paid Qatari investors at the height of the financial crisis and by using other agreements as a "smokescreen" to cover their tracks, prosecutors told a London jury on Wednesday. Read full article »

## 'Shell Factory' Atty Sees Sentence Cut For Helping Feds

An attorney rounded up in the massive prosecution of a group that created fake shell companies in a pump-and-dump scheme had his three-year sentence trimmed by two years Tuesday because he assisted the government in taking down his cohorts. Read full article »

## DC Circ. Judges Criticize Advisory Firm's Ties To Fund Broker

Two members of a D.C. Circuit panel on Wednesday derided a Houston-based investment advisory firm that recommended investments without fully disclosing it was being paid by the broker offering them. Read full article »

## CYBERSECURITY

## House Passes Bill Inviting Researchers To Hack State Dept.

The U.S. House of Representatives has resoundingly passed a bipartisan bill that would direct the State Department to invite security researchers to expose flaws in its digital defenses in exchange for rewards. Read full article »

## LEGAL ETHICS

## Beverly Hills Atty Accused Of Peddling Pills On Craigslist

A Beverly Hills attorney who has a "long history" of selling drugs on the internet, including black tar heroin and methadone, was arrested for allegedly selling $1,200 in oxycodone pills on Craigslist, the U.S. Department of Justice said. Read full article »

## NJ Atty Accused Of Raping Gov.'s Staffer Won't Face Charges

A second prosecutor's office in New Jersey on Wednesday said it will not pursue criminal charges against an attorney accused of raping a staffer in Gov. Phil Murphy's administration when they were working on the governor's campaign, citing "a lack of credible evidence and corroboration that a crime was committed." Read full article »

## HEALTH

## Ex-Hospital Director Pleads Guilty In $1B Health Fraud Case

A former Miami-area hospital director pled guilty Wednesday in Florida federal court to conspiring to defraud the United States and paying and receiving health care kickbacks as part of a $1 billion health care fraud scheme. Read full article »

## 5 NY Doctors Denounce DOJ Charges Of Insys Kickbacks

Five New York doctors on Tuesday assailed a U.S. Department of Justice indictment accusing them of pocketing kickbacks to prescribe a fentanyl painkiller sold by Insys Therapeutics Inc., saying there are no concrete signs of an illicit quid pro quo. Read full article »

## SPORTS

## Grassley Seeks Answers From USOC After Nassar Report

Sen. Chuck Grassley has asked the U.S. Olympic Committee to outline the steps it's taking to improve its culture and protect athletes after the release of a scathing December report about sexual abuse in the Olympic community, the lawmaker said Wednesday. Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

Kennedys CMK
Kennedys Law LLP
King &amp; Spalding
Knobbe Martens
Ogletree Deakins
Parker Bunt
Paul Hastings
Quinn Emanuel
Reed Smith
Reid Collins
Samuel J. Rabin Jr. PA
Sanford Heisler Sharp
Snell &amp; Wilmer
Squire Patton Boggs
Stearns Weaver
Steptoe &amp; Johnson LLP
The Hoffinger Firm
Ulmer &amp; Berne
Venable LLP
White &amp; Case
Williams &amp; Jensen
Winston &amp; Strawn

## COMPANIES

Aliph Inc.
American Arbitration Association
American Bar Association
Apple Inc.
Attorneys' Liability Assurance Society Ltd.
Barclays Investment Bank
Barclays PLC
BlackBerry Ltd.
Brooklyn Nets
Danske Bank
Deutsche Bank AG
DowDuPont Inc.
Ferrari SpA
Fitbit Inc.
Fitch Ratings Ltd.
Genentech Inc.
Google Inc.
Home Depot Inc.
Jefferies Financial Group Inc.
LinkedIn Corp.
Marriott International Inc.
Moody's Corporation
NAVEX Global Inc.
NFL Enterprises LLC
NYU Langone Medical Center
National Consumer Law Center

EFTA00032578

# 3 Trends In Criminal Trade Secret Prosecution

While white collar filings are significantly down nationwide, the prosecutorial appetite for bringing criminal trade secret cases appears voracious, even where no foreign actor or national security concern is involved, say Jessica Nall and Janice Reicher of Farella Braun &amp; Martel LLP. Read full article »

# DOJ's Wire Act Opinion Is A Game Changer

The U.S. Department of Justice's updated guidance on the Wire Act contains a fundamental distinction between civil risk and criminal risk, and this will slow down the proliferation of gambling-related online offerings in the internet gambling community, says Tim Lowry of DLA Piper. Read full article »

# LEGAL INDUSTRY

# 10 Firms That Made The Most Money Lobbying In 2018

Ten law firms bested the rest of the sector and raked in millions of dollars in revenue from federal lobbying clients in 2018, with year-end figures reported to the government showing strong results across the industry even though it was an election year. Read full article »

# GOP Mulling 'Nuclear Option' To Speed Judicial Nominations

Republicans could again turn to the "nuclear option" to change Senate rules and advance President Donald Trump's nominees, one senator said this week, cutting down the time the Senate takes on judicial and other nominees. Read full article »

# Ex-Snell &amp; Wilmer Chair John Bouma Fatally Struck By Cars

John J. Bouma, who led Snell &amp; Wilmer LLP for more than three decades, guiding it from a single Arizona office to a national force, was fatally hit by cars Tuesday night, Phoenix police confirm. He was 82. Read full article »

# Arent Fox Sues Former IP Partner Over Move To Kasowitz

Arent Fox LLP filed suit Tuesday in D.C. federal court against a former intellectual property partner in its New York office, alleging that he agreed to pay over $90,000 in order to make an immediate exit to Kasowitz Benson Torres LLP and then failed to pay up. Read full article »

# Bear Stearns Hits Reed Smith With $500M Malpractice Suit

Reed Smith LLP bungled its representation of two now-defunct Bear Stearns investment funds that had sued ratings agencies for overvaluing residential mortgage-backed securities they bought, the funds claimed in a suit filed Tuesday in New York state court seeking more than half a billion dollars in damages. Read full article »

# Gilstrap 'Offended' By Gamesmanship Of Irell, Winston Attys

U.S. District Judge Rodney Gilstrap has said he's "offended" by how Irell &amp; Manella LLP and Winston &amp; Strawn LLP have handled the opening stages of an infringement case involving USAA electronic check patents asserted against Wells Fargo, finding the firms' legal maneuvers demonstrate a "clear lack of respect" for his court. Read full article »

# Feature

# The Legal Threat Giving Compliance Officers Nightmares

Compliance officers across industries all name the same concern when asked what keeps them up at night. Here, Law360 looks at that issue and what compliance officers can do to mitigate the risk. Read full article »

# Ogletree Looks To Gut Ex-Shareholder's Sex Bias Suit

Ogletree Deakins Nash Smoak &amp; Stewart PC wants a California federal court to kick the bulk of a former firm shareholder's gender discrimination lawsuit to

New England Patriots
New York Post
Philadelphia 76ers
Promontory Financial Group LLC
Ranbaxy
S&amp;P Global Inc.
State Bar of Arizona
State Bar of California
Sun Pharmaceutical
Target Corp.
Twitter Inc.
Uber Technologies Inc.
United Microelectronics
Corporation
United Services Automobile
Association
United States Olympic Committee
Voya Financial Inc.
Wells Fargo &amp; Co.
Yahoo! Inc.

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

California Supreme Court
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Drug Enforcement Administration
European Union
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Reserve System
Federal Trade Commission
Financial Conduct Authority
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department
Securities and Exchange Commission
Serious Fraud Office
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Department of Defense
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce
U.S. House of Representatives
U.S. Senate
U.S. Supreme Court

EFTA00032579

arbitration, saying she was bound by an arbitration pact even though she didn't sign it. Read full article »

# Retired Judges Urge Fed. Circ. To Make PACER Free

Seven retired federal judges, including ex-Seventh Circuit Judge Richard Posner, told the Federal Circuit that the Public Access to Court Electronic Records system should be free, according to an amicus brief filed Wednesday in an appeal over a class action challenging the government's fees. Read full article »

# UK Watchdog Drops GCs From Manager Accountability Plan

The U.K.'s Financial Conduct Authority said Wednesday that it had dropped plans to hold the heads of legal departments at banks and insurance firms responsible for ignoring misconduct, saying the proposed rule would hamper lawyers from giving independent legal advice. Read full article »

# Interview

## Law Firm Leaders: Kennedys CMK's Meg Catalano

Meg Catalano, managing partner of the U.S. arm of British commercial firm Kennedys Law LLP, spoke to Law360 recently about the ramifications of the transatlantic tie-up, how she balances her practice and managerial duties, and where she sees the business of law evolving. Read full article »

## JOBS

Search full listings or advertise your job opening

|  Insurance Coverage Litigation Associate (4-8 yrs) | Insurance Coverage Litigation Associate (4-8 yrs)  |
| --- | --- |
|  Gordon & Rees | Gordon & Rees  |
|  San Francisco, Oakland, California | Sacramento, California  |
|  Sports partner seeks top mid level litigation assoc/NYC |   |
|  Schoen Legal Search |   |
|  New York, New York |   |

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful. However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy

Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00032580