Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Date: January 28, 2020 at 5:50:44 PM EST

To: daniel bates &lt;

Subject: Re: Andrew claims he hasn't been approached

Thank you, we'll decline.

Note: you have Geoffrey Berman listed as the State Attorney for New York. He's the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 28, 2020, at 5:15 PM, daniel bates &lt; &gt; wrote:

Hello

This story is going in the Daily Mail in the UK tomorrow and will be up on MailOnline shortly.

Do you have any comment?

He is claiming he hasn't been approached which contradicts what Mr Berman said.

Can you tell us how you reached out to Andrew?

Thanks

Daniel

--- Forwarded message ---

From: Lewis Pennock &lt;

Date: Tue, Jan 28, 2020 at 5:11 PM

Subject: pdf

To: daniel bates &lt;

Disclaimer

EFTA00016810

This e-mail and any attached files are intended for the named addressee only. It contains information, which may be confidential and legally privileged and also protected by copyright. Unless you are the named addressee (or authorised to receive for the addressee) you may not copy or use it, or disclose it to anyone else. If you received it in error please notify the sender immediately and then delete it from your system. Associated Newspapers Ltd. Registered Office: Northcliffe House, 2 Derry St, Kensington, London, W8 5TT. Registered No 84121 England.

Daniel Bates
Journalist in New York
www.danielgbates.com

<andrew spread.pdf>

EFTA00016811</andrew>