From:

To:

Subject: RE: Voucher for Trip 10643456-2 is late

Date: Thu, 03 Oct 2019 13:50:11 +0000

Ok! Thank you.

---Original Message---

From:

Sent: Thursday, October 03, 2019 9:48 AM

To:

Subject: Re: Voucher for Trip 10643456-2 is late

Got it thanks — no need to contact eousa, I just wanted to make sure I hadn't forgotten to submit anything! Thanks again.

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Oct 3, 2019, at 14:24, [redacted] wrote:

&gt; [redacted]

&gt; [redacted]

&gt; Good Morning! I just talked to [redacted] You have submitted the claim for reimbursement.

&gt; Nothing else you need to do. This is an automatically computer generated email. It is nothing we can do to stop sending the auto emails.

&gt; I will address this issue to EOUSA if they can do something about it.

&gt; Thank you.

&gt; [redacted]

&gt; ---Original Message---

&gt; From:

&gt; Sent: Thursday, October 03, 2019 5:50 AM

&gt; To:

&gt; Cc:

&gt; Subject: Re: Voucher for Trip 10643456-2 is late

&gt; I keep getting these emails. Do I need to submit anything else? Please advise — thanks.

&gt; Sent from my iPhone

&gt;&gt; On Oct 1, 2019, at 05:03, "etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com" <etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com> wrote:

&gt;&gt; Dear [redacted]

&gt;&gt; Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher for this trip and mark it as Final if you have no additional expenses to claim.

EFTA00014292</etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com>

&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Trip ID: 10643456-2
&gt;&gt; Traveler name:
&gt;&gt; Destination: Santa Monica
&gt;&gt; Purpose: R19NYS13842 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interviews Trip
&gt;&gt; Dates: 2019-09-17 - 2019-09-20 Current status: Authorization Approved
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):
&gt;&gt; https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):
&gt;&gt; https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.
&gt;&gt;
&gt;&gt; Reference ID# V0013
&gt;&gt; This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.

EFTA00014293