From: Sigrid McCawley
To: " " "
Subject: FW: Maxwell re (aka Jeffrey Epstein)
Date: Fri, 26 Jul 2019 18:59:09 +0000
Attachments: Jeffrey_Epstein_Part_24_redacted_(trash_pull) [LLMAX.pdf];
Jeffrey_Epstein_Part_24_redacted_(trash_pull) [pdf]
Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg

Hello,

I believe we mentioned this previously but my great paralegal wanted me to remind you that Epstein would often use the . See email 1: @gmail.com – email account to communicate with people. See examples below.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner

BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301

From: Sandra Perkins
Sent: Friday, July 26, 2019 1:01 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley
Cc: Aneisha Christie
Subject: FW: Maxwell re (aka Jeffrey Epstein)
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-07-13/a-billionaire-and-a-sex-offender-the-wexner-and-epstein-ties

Victoria's Secret Models

Over the years, though Epstein was never employed by L Brands, he corresponded and met with company executives. He attended Victoria's Secret fashion shows; some of the models were guests on his private island, according to a former Epstein employee. Epstein courted young women through the Miami modeling agency MC2, putting them up in an apartment he owned on 66th Street in Manhattan, a former agency bookkeeper said in a 2010 deposition in a civil case. L Brands has employed models from MC2 over the years. A spokeswoman for L Brands declined to comment on whether any were tied to Epstein.

Models were an Epstein theme, according to William Mook, head of Mok Industries in Columbus. He said he met Epstein after pitching an investment opportunity in September 2005 to Ed Razek, an L Brands executive who helps select Victoria's Secret models. Epstein invited the two men to the Manhattan mansion and when he and Razek showed up, Mook said, they were welcomed by young women who said they were working as models for Epstein. An L Brands spokeswoman didn't respond to a request for an interview with Razek. Much like the mansion, the Boeing 727, on which Epstein shuttled famous friends including Bill Clinton, was also a hand-me-down from Wexner, records show. Epstein had the tags changed to a vanity plate ending in "JE," according to documents obtained by JetTrack.

Epstein used the jet on at least one occasion in the 1990s to travel to Abigail Plantation in Georgia, a quail-hunting preserve Wexner named for his wife, according to a person familiar with the itinerary. The two men went hunting and Epstein came back empty-handed, the person said.

In Epstein's infamous "Little Black Book" of contacts, first published by the now-defunct website Gawker in 2015, there are hundreds of names. Dozens of phone numbers are listed for Wexner -- for his home, the plantation, residences in London and Aspen as well as for various vehicles and staff associated with each property, plus more for executives at Wexner's companies.

These former ties could be liabilities for Wexner, who in a 2003 Vanity Fair article praised Epstein for his "combination of excellent judgment and unusually high standards." What's more, Wexner said, "he is always a most loyal friend."

This is the email I have sent you before which references the highlighted statement above.

It subpoenas last time I researched this ... Epstein sent her South Africa after his 2005 arrest). Her email addresses should hold a treasure trove of Epstein communications via his assistant's email address.

See email 1 @gmail.com (Limited Brands, Ed Razek clearly says "Jeffrey ... FYI ... Ed" through [BLACKBOOK].)

EFTA00014526

Gmail - FW: [Fwd: [Fwd: Re: contract]]
Page 1 of 29

Gmail
Gmail.com&gt;

# FW: [Fwd: [Fwd: Re: contract]]

1 message

Razek, Ed
To [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [red] [red]
[redacted] [redacted] [redacted]

Jeffrey

FYI.

Ed
---Original Message---
From: William Mook
Sent: Thursday, September 29, 2005 12:49 PM
To: Razek, Ed
Subject: [Fwd: [Fwd: Re: contract]]

Ed,

We're working with Merrill Lynch investment bank and Delta to raise $50 million by selling at a discount the first $600 million worth of jet fuel from our production schedule. The $600 million will have an opportunity to be re-invested for equity in the fuel facility to create an opportunity for additional earnings at the investor's option. Assuming we get a 3:1 multiplier in this second round, the $50 million could conceivably net the investors $1.8 billion in less than 3 years. We're looking at 10 shares of $5 million each - its all spelled out in the enclosed literature.

Let me know if there is any interest by Jeffrey Epstein, or anyone you know. Let me know what you need from me to help make this happen. Where possible -and necessary- we have agreed to pay finders fees that are convertible to share interest.

Once we have the $50 million we'll move the program past feasibility to the point where project financing is possible. The Delta contract is worth nearly $18 billion. The value of the jet fuel produced by the installation once complete will be around $60 billion - assuming a 20 year life.

Thanks.

Bill Mook
Mok Industries, LLC
and
CHW, Inc.

See email 2: [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [redacted] [red] [red] [red] [red] [red]

Fri, Sep 30, 2005 at 10:26 AM

EFTA00014527

From: Mike O'Neil
Sent: Friday, September 30, 2005 10:27 AM
To: @ellmax.com
Subject: Trilateral Meeting

Dear Mr. Epstein:

I hope you have seen the program and other materials for the 2005 North American regional meeting coming up on November 4-6 in Montreal. We have not heard from you about attending and want to be sure you are aware of the meeting and have had a chance to consider attending. To that end, I attach the program and a reservation form.

Please let us know if you can attend or not. Just reply to this email or send in a completed reservation form.

Thanks,
Michael O'Neil

From: Sandra Perkins
Sent: Friday, July 08, 2016 2:43 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley; Meredith Schultz
Subject: Maxwell re [aka Jeffrey Epstein]
[aka Jeffrey Epstein]

Epstein linked to Limited Brands/Ellmax with pseudo email address.
Kindest Regards,
Sandra Perkins, Paralegal
BOIES, SCHILLER &amp; FLEXNER LLP
401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Website: http://www.bsflp.com

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may be the subject of attorney-client privilege. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify us by telephone (954) 356-0011 or by replying to this electronic message. Thank you

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00014528