EFTA00016932

From: " )"
To: " )
Cc: " )"

Subject: FW: travel approval request
Date: Thu, 12 Dec 2019 23:10:22 +0000

Hi

In connection with this trip, could you please assist with booking the following travel? Thanks!

- Hotel—same as last time, the DoubleTree in Santa Monica is fine. Checking in 12/15, checking out the next day
- We do not need a conference room
- Outbound flight: Sunday, 12/15, departing JFK at 11:40 am on Delta, landing at LAX at 3:01 p.m.
- Inbound flight: Monday, 12/16, departing LAX at 8:32 p.m. on JetBlue, landing at JFK at 4:47 a.m.
- If you could please make all flights refundable, that would be great – it’s possible we’ll need to rebook parts of this if witness availability changes or we’re able to stay longer and meet with an additional witness.

Thanks a bunch.

From: )
Sent: Wednesday, December 11, 2019 10:01 AM
To: )
Cc: ) &lt; ) &lt; ) &lt; ) &lt; ) &lt; )
&gt; ) &gt; ;  &lt; ) &lt; )

Subject: RE: travel approval request

Approved

From: )
Sent: Wednesday, December 11, 2019 9:58 AM
To: )
Cc: ) &lt; ) &lt; ) &lt; ) &lt; ) &lt; )
&gt; )

Subject: RE: travel approval request

Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we’d like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview (or possibly interviews) in Los Angeles on December 16 and/or 17. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 15th to the 18th. Also similar to prior trips, we’d like to request approval to get a conference room for one of those days.

thank you,

From:
Sent: Tuesday, November 05, 2019 16:53
To:
Cc:  $\text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一}$
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission for the team to travel next week for an interview in Los Angeles on November 14. We expect to be traveling, respectively, some combination of the 13th to the 15th (and no conference room necessary for this trip).

thanks,

From:
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 13:55
To:
Cc:  $\text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一}$
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Similar to prior requests in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next week for an interview in West Palm Beach on November 4. It will just be me and , and we'll travel some combination of the 3rd to the 5th. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on that Monday for the interview, please.

thanks very much,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 14:51
To:
Cc:  $\text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一} _ { 2 } \text{一}$
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, , and/or , as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please.

thanks very much,

EFTA00016933

From:
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows).

Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either be me and [redacted] or [redacted] and [redacted], but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please.

thanks very much,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57
To:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thank you

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, [redacted] wrote:

For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, [redacted] and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much.

EFTA00016934

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32

To: [Redacted]

Cc: [Redacted] &lt;C[Redacted]&gt;

Subject: travel approval request

[Redacted]

I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on Saturday.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always.

[Redacted]

Assistant U.S. Attorney

Southern District of New York

EFTA00016935