November 30, 2021 prep notes
AUSAs
SA

- recalls an address book at the PB residence that he observed during his employment for JE:

- This book was different from Roladex. The book was either dark blue or black. It was a bit bigger than a big iPhone, very thick, and contained a lot of names. estimates it was between 200 and 300 pages. The book’s cover was blank, and the pages were black ink printed on white paper.

- first saw the book years before left, in the 1990s around 1994, 1995, or 1996. thinks either (both assistants) told that he had to put the blue/black book on the desk. was told to put book on JE’s desk in living room, JE’s desk in the master bedroom, JE’s night table in the master bedroom, JE’s desk in the cabana, GM’s desk next to the pantry room, and by the phone in the kitchen. These books were replaced every year and updated with more friends and contacts. recollection is that those updates were adding entries, not removing entries.

- recalls that Mr. Epstein used the books the most. has also seen GM use the books. doesn’t know who added to the books or updated them.

- looked inside the books at the time of his employment, and they contained all of Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell’s friends and employees, Mr. Epstein’s family members were there, name was there, Prince Andrew’s name was there, Donald Trump’s name was there. Each page had a name, address, company, phone numbers for different homes. looked through multiple versions of this book from mid-1990s until 2002 when left. It included contact information for massage therapists, chefs, pilots, houses from ranch and employees who worked at different locations at ranch were.

- When copies of the book were replaced with updated versions, the staff threw out the old versions. All versions every year looked the same. No writing on the cover.

- showed the following Government Exhibits:

- GX-298 – recognizes to be a diagram of first floor of JE PB house. During employment, GM’s desk was in Garden Room, JE’s desk was in Lake Room, desk was in staff room.

- GX-297 – recognizes to be a diagram of second floor of JE PB house. Pink or green sofa was in JE’s bathroom attached to master bedroom, which is where JE got his massages. GM bathroom attached to master bedroom was where basket was with sex toys kept in it.

- GX-299 – shows pool house at JE PB property

- GX-606 – recognizes to be document given to and his wife around the late 1990s by GM. It is a copy of pages that recalls receiving in the form of a

EFTA00016590

booklet. The document contained all of the tasks that were demanded of him. ☐ remembers seeing this manual for the first time when a duchess from England came. She was a woman who was supposed to be royalty and supposed to teach the staff how to properly maintain a house. This document was a booklet provided to ☐ by this lady who was hired by JE and GM.

- There was a different page that was a laminated page with information for the guest with ☐ contact information, which was not in the booklet and is not in this exhibit.
- When first received this booklet, ☐ told GM, I’ve been working for this for years, I’m not going to do this. GM told ☐ many times that this is the way it goes and must be.
- ☐ fought with JE once when JE didn’t have a pen by his night table with a light, and guest didn’t have a toothbrush, which was required by the booklet. ☐ yelled at JE about it.
- ☐ fought more with GM about the handbook. GM complained about food trays and other details that ☐ did not follow from the handbook.
- ☐ reviewed each page of this exhibit. ☐ specifically remembers pages 1-6 and 8 being in the version of the booklet he received. Re page 7, ☐ remembers he was supposed to answer Mr. Epstein residence, never Ms. Maxwell residence, so doesn’t recall that portion of page 7, but otherwise recognizes it. ☐ doesn’t remember page 9. ☐ remembers page 10 as a checklist that ☐ had to follow. ☐ remembers all the checklists in the manual as tasks he had to complete. ☐ never filled out the checklists. GM asked ☐ to fill out the checklists, but ☐ never did, and GM was pissed.
- Lady from England, GM, and JE all called ☐ “even though that was not his name.”
- ☐ was supposed to fill out all of these checklists before JE arrived at PB residence. Food had to be thrown out each time JE left, even if it had not gone bad.
- ☐ was no longer working for JE when this exhibit is dated in 2005, ☐ was gone by then, but everything in this exhibit except page 9, a portion of page 7, and a portion of page 31 re alcoholic beverages is what ☐ remembers from the booklet.
- ☐ read the entire booklet when first given to him in the late 1990s
- ☐ GM told ☐ that he was supposed to do all of this work while being “invisible”
- ☐ only remembers receiving one copy of this booklet, which he read but never used. This copy is dated later, but it contains the same rules and checklists he had to follow.
- ☐ had a uniform he had to wear: black pants, white shirt usually, for parties a tuxedo, GM told him what to wear
- ☐ was not supposed to talk to anyone about anything of JE, GM, and the guests; applied to all guests; applied to everyone
- ☐ did not discuss personal problems with guests, per the rule

EFTA00016591

☐ remembers the rule that a copy of Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell’s telephone directories must be placed to the right of each telephone (same one talking about)
☐ Page 8, followed the rule not to disclose JE and GM behavior
☐ References to JE directory versus GM directory: recalls them being the same size and same length with same entrances and blank covers, but believes first page had JE or GM.
☐ Ms. Maxwell’s Bathroom referenced in checklists was on the right-hand side of JE bedroom as you enter; can’t recall what photographs were required to be placed there.
☐ was supposed to complete checklists every time JE arrived
☐ Ms. Maxwell’s desk was in the garden room
☐ Page 24 references special papers made for JE and GM specifically printed stationary and supposed to leave it by the desk
☐ Page 28 references “Max,” was GM’s tiny Yorkie terrier. recalled that GM traveled with the dog on JE’s plane.
☐ Page 31, remembered having to throw out everything even if wouldn’t go bad (but doesn’t remember the Beverages list)
☐ Page 36 recalls that he would weekly wipe and sanitize massage tables
☐ had to clean bathroom and replace sheets every day
☐ Page 55, recalls that JE and GM had the preferences for breakfast listed here

- JE told how to use the message books and to use them to take messages from the beginning of employment. wrote down messages during each phone call. When a message book was full, he put it in the storage area next to his desk in the staff room.

EFTA00016592