EFTA00015831

From: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: " )" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " )" &lt;&gt;, " (USANYS)"
Subject: RE: NT 3500
Date: Sun, 11 Apr 2021 06:48:41 +0000

All of these edits have now been made.

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Sunday, April 11, 2021 12:21 AM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: ) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: NT 3500

Last email on this I think! Final notes from me—I’m going to take a look at one or two things tomorrow morning, but otherwise I’m done:

- For , please remove the full SDNY GJ transcript (leave any SDFL grand jury stuff, please). Instead, I’m going to send you excerpts to go in each folder.
- For the folder: please move that one item to the withhold folder of the folder and delete the folder.
- Please delete the folders for
- For the folder, please move the file marked Guardian Information to the folder and otherwise delete the folder
- Please move the contents of the folder to the folder and delete the folder
- Please move to the not-a-witness folder

Thanks!

From:
Sent: Saturday, April 10, 2021 1:47 PM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: ) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: NT 3500

Hi

Some additional notes:

- The folder can just be moved to the not-a-witness folder
- The folder contains nothing to be produced – can you move all that stuff to the do not produce folder within the folder and delete the witness folder for , who is not a witness?
- The folder contains one item. Please move that to the folder and delete the folder for .
- Could you please move the folder to the potential testifying witness folder, and if possible could you please ask an intern to do a rough transcript of the recording?

-For the [REDACTED] folder, please move that one item to the [REDACTED] folder and delete the [REDACTED] folder

Thanks!

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Saturday, April 10, 2021 12:33 AM

To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] [REDACTED] &gt;

Cc: [REDACTED] &gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &gt; [REDACTED]

Subject: NT 3500

Hi [REDACTED],

Thanks for all your work on this project. I few things from my review, though I'll likely send some additional things tomorrow:

- The [REDACTED] folder contains just one report, and I think that goes in the [REDACTED] folder instead. Please move it and delete his folder. Same thing for the [REDACTED] folder.
- [REDACTED] are the same person and the folders can be merged under the name [REDACTED]
- [REDACTED] is the same person as [REDACTED], a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those materials and delete the folder?
- The stuff in the [REDACTED] folder should actually go in the [REDACTED] folder, and you can delete the one for [REDACTED] once the stuff is moved over.
- In the [REDACTED] folder, there's a transcript of a deposition of Mark Epstein. Could you please move that into a new, NTW folder for him?
- [REDACTED] could you please move these to the not-a-witness folder you created? We'll deal with the contents later, but not in the context of the NTW production.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

One Saint Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

EFTA00015832