From: Daniel Rose <br/>
To: " <br/>
Cc: " <br/>
Subject: Re: <br/>
Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2019 18:49:06 +0000

I’ll follow up but the harassment is getting worse

She is getting text messages and the like from reporters still which she ignores

The only concerning thing I have was today someone sent her a video of Jeffrey Epstein to her YouTube account. She didn’t know she had one until she got a notice about it.

I don’t know what can be done to get these reporters and media people to stop as they seem to not understand the answer “‘no”

*** This email was sent via my iPhone using the dictation app... Please understand there may be some typographical or grammatical errors.

Daniel J. Rose, P.A.
[Handwritten text: "DANIEL J. ROSE, P.A."]

NOTICE: This E-mail (including attachments) is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521, is confidential and may be ATTORNEY PRIVILEGED and CONFIDENTIAL. It is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named as recipient. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify sender immediately by re-sending This communication to the sender and delete the original message and any copy of it from your computer system.

Thank you for your cooperation.

On Jul 24, 2019, at 2:45 PM, [Redacted] &gt; wrote:

Hi Daniel,

I wanted to follow up to check in—please let us know if you’re having any issues connecting with the FBI’s victim coordinator, or if there are any other concerns we can address.

Thanks,

EFTA00014622

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 12:05 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject:

Daniel,

Thanks for calling yesterday. We want to make sure Ms. has resources as a crime victim, and to that end, as we discussed, please feel free to contact the FBI's victim coordinator, who can speak with you about resources that might be available to Ms. The FBI representative is . Her number is . Our primary concern is Ms. safety and wellness, so please do not hesitate to reach out if there are any issues.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00014623