From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: FW: photos

Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2019 18:03:21 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: 2019-07-16, _JE,_detention_submission.docx

You want to look first or want me to?

From: &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 2:02 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Cc: &lt;;; &lt;; &lt;; &lt;;

Subject: RE: photos

and

The letter is attached for your review—the team has discussed. Thanks.

From: &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 1:46 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;; &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Subject: Re: photos

I can look now too

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 16, 2019, at 13:41, &lt; wrote:

Just finished reviewing and discussing my thoughts with now.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 1:39 PM

To: &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Cc: &lt;;; &lt;;

Subject: RE: photos

Are and able to look now? If it will be a while, we will review the interim version.

From: &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 1:32 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;;; &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Subject: RE: photos

Just sent to and for a first look, and will circulate shortly after I input their comments. Thanks.

EFTA00016741

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 1:19 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;&lt;&gt;;
Subject: Re: photos

Okay. What is timing on a draft?

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 16, 2019, at 12:07 PM, [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

FYI, I spoke with Judge [REDACTED] chambers and the clerk told me the Judge does not want to see photographs (he did not explain), so we are not going to bring them to chambers.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00016742