EFTA00016455

From: " [Redacted"]
To: [Redacted]

Subject: RE: Language to include
Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 13:54:54 +0000

[Redacted] is cross-referencing the FBI list against hers right now and will call me when she's done with any issues

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, July 01, 2020 22:27
To: [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]?
Subject: FW: Language to include

[Redacted], could you please take on this project of making sure the victim info in the database is accurate for the letter that will go out? I can't tell if this email is just meant to supplement the data we already have, or if they're sending this as the proposed list (which would be strange, since it has our statutory victims on it). Thanks.

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, July 1, 2020 9:37 PM
To: [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Redacted]; [Red]
Cc: [Redacted]
Subject: Re: Language to include

Good Evening,

SA [Redacted] has identified each of these names on the attached spreadsheet as victims in the original case against Jeffrey Epstein. Included in the attached document is victim contact information as well as attorney information regarding representation and contact information. This is a comprehensive list.

Lastly, would you be able to send your draft language for the VNS notifications?

Thank you,

[Redacted]
Program Manager
FBI Victim Services Division

[Redacted]

From: A [Redacted]
Sent: Monday, June 29, 2020 9:05 AM
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted]

&lt;

Subject: Language to include

Good Morning,

I hope each of you had a good weekend. Please find language below that has been approved by FBI NY, VSD executive management and our OGC rep. I'm more than happy to have a call if you would like to discuss.

The FBI's Victim Services Division (VSD) is committed to providing services and support to victims of crimes committed by Jeffrey Epstein. Though this particular indictment is focused on specific individuals, you are still entitled to your rights, resources, and referrals as a federal victim independent of this indictment. An overview of these services is available at www.fbi.gov/resources/victim-services. If you would like to speak with a Victim Specialist, or if you have any questions regarding your rights to victim services and referrals, please email victimservices@fbi.gov.

Thank you,

Program Manager
FBI Victim Services Division

EFTA00016456