From:
To:
Cc:
Subject: Epstein issue with State Attorney's Office
Date: Tue, 04 Aug 2009 17:16:38 +0000
Importance: Normal

It is Tuesday, so there must be a new issue with Epstein. This one potentially involves the Palm Beach County State Attorney’s Office so I included poor [redacted] on the email chain.

Here are the two issues:

First, I have heard from several sources that Epstein is trying to convince (or perhaps has already convinced) the SAO to give him “cooperation credit” to shorten the length of his home confinement based upon “cooperation” that he is giving to the Feds in the Bernie Madoff case. As you probably remember, a couple of weeks ago some newspapers reported that Epstein is cooperating with FBI in the Madoff prosecution and that was the real reason for him receiving such a light sentence. After those newspaper reports came out, the AUSA prosecuting the Madoff case called me asking who Epstein was and stating in no uncertain terms that Epstein is not cooperating. Nonetheless, I can imagine our good friends (Goldberger, Lefkowitz, and others) telling the SAO that Epstein actually is cooperating and that the USAO agrees that he should have his sentence reduced. Now, this could all be rumor, but [redacted] and I have heard it from so many different places (Town of Palm Beach PD, plaintiffs’ attorneys, etc.), that it seems like someone should reach out to the SAO to make sure that they aren’t being told any lies. I, of course, am happy to do so, but I didn’t know if you felt that the contact should be made by [redacted] or [redacted].

I also just pulled the state docket sheet and found another motion to “correct” Epstein’s sentence that we were never told about. Docket entry 7 in the procurement of child prostitution case reads: “Agreed Order that the Order of Community Control is Corrected to Delete Special Condition #26 and #27.” Something tells me that there was no “correction,” this was a “change” that takes out things we considered important. [redacted]—Can you get this from the courthouse and fax it to me? Case number is 502008CF009381AXXXMB.

Second, if new allegations or new victims come to light, are we allowed to investigate their claims? If we cannot, or if there is jurisdiction in another district, can we refer to allegations to another USAO to investigate? There are two very specific items that I would like to investigate further that relate to the S.D.F.I.. Also, as you recall, we never were able to advance our investigation regarding the New York victims, and none of them were included in our list of identified victims. The prosecutors on the Madoff case have asked if they can use some of our evidence – or at least speak with me and the FBI agents -- to prosecute Epstein regarding conduct in New York.

Thank you.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of Florida
500 East Broward Boulevard, 7th Floor
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33394

EFTA00014175

EFTA00014176