EFTA00016605

From: " (CID) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE:
Date: Thu, 07 May 2020 22:23:30 +0000

Ok, I will shoot you an email tomorrow with my desk number.

On May 7, 2020 18:22, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
That works for us. Let us know where/how best to reach you. Thanks

From: (CID) (FBI) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 5:12 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE:

How about Monday 11am?

On May 7, 2020 17:10, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
Great. We're still working remotely, but perhaps we could set up a call for early next week? Would Monday or Tuesday work for you?

From: (CID) (FBI) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 5:09 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE:

Let me know what works for you and , I am back from DC and am available to meet anytime.

On May 7, 2020 17:06, " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt; wrote:
Thanks very much, And thanks for the virtual introduction. welcome and very much look forward to working with you. Once you're settled, and I would love to set up a time to talk through this and some of the other cases we have going with your squads.

And thanks very much for everything over the past few months, . Really appreciate it. I have no doubt we will continue to talk regularly about MCC and our other cases together.

Best,

From: [REDACTED], (NY) (FBI) <br/>
Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 10:53 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) <br/>
Cc: [REDACTED] (CID) (FBI) <br/>
Subject:

Thank you for the call and the update on the Epstein investigation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell.

As I mentioned, [REDACTED] (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. [REDACTED] will be coordinating with you, [REDACTED], and the rest of the team as we move forward.

To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get [REDACTED] up to speed with the latest:

SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein’s sex trafficking

FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea

Confirmed by historical pen register with cell site location and subpoenas to Amazon for delivery location

Since traditional surveillance, including a pole camera, are not suitable due to the secluded location, and in order to get more recent information, you propose getting a renewed pen register and Amazon subpoena. Additionally, you and the team may seek to get a mail cover.

It was a pleasure working with you, [REDACTED], and the team for the last several months.

Good luck moving forward with the case.

Best regards,

Supervisory Special Agent
FBI New York

EFTA00016606