MARCH 3, 2020

# OPEN LETTER TO WILLIAM BARR – ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES

RE: Crimes Against Humanity taking place against America’s seniors under the guise of guardianship, a state of Florida sponsored organized crime racket.

Why isn’t the Department of Justice “keeping our seniors safe?”

We are here at great effort and financial hardship to shed light on a government and State of Florida sponsored guardian racket. Competent seniors and vulnerable adults with financial assets are fraudulently being ruled incompetent by state paid actors in collusion with probate judges, attorneys and guardians who ambush these vulnerable adults in their home on the basis of 5 minute encounters, without physical or medical evaluation. These vulnerable adults are then forced into guardianship where they are illegally stripped of their civil rights by judges, attorneys and guardians so they can’t protect themselves and fight back and then these probate court corrupt judges attorneys and guardians seize and steal their estates, their home, car, life savings, investments, personal property, retirement accounts, social security, pension, art, jewelry and family heirlooms. After all of their assets are stolen, they put these adults on a toxic medication such as seroquel to cause their death by sudden cardiac arrest.

This is a billion dollar racket that enriches a relatively small group of judges, attorneys and guardians and deprives the United States of the spending power of millions of American families whose assets are embezzled in this criminal enterprise. This tramples any concept of “making America great again.”

The so called “court proceeding” is really an organized crime racket run through the court. The capturing of vulnerable adults in guardianship has been widely exposed in the media as a form of human trafficking.

Why is the F.B.I. and the Department of Justice allowing this racketeering enterprise to operate out of the courts?

You are making a presentation about marketing and other scams against seniors and completely ignoring the REAL DANGER AND THREAT TO THESE VULNERABLE ADULTS by the Florida sponsored guardian court racket.

Those of us in attendance have collectively and individually filed thousands of criminal complaints with you personally and your predecessors. Thus your office, the Department of Justice is well aware of this criminal racket. Ashley Moody, Ron DeSantis and former governors and attorneys generals and the State of Florida are intimately aware of this racket as they sponsor, financially support and cover up this racket through their many collusive agencies in the state of Florida including the “Office of Professional Guardianship” and the law enforcement arm of the state of Florida, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Moreover, when we futilely attempt remedy by suing these guardian judges as we have no other remedy, instead of being investigated by Ashley Moody, they are represented by none other than Ashley Moody’s office.

EFTA00015687

So far from “keeping our seniors safe” the state of Florida and the federal government are subjecting them to horrors.

The monumental corruption and infestation of this organized crime racket into every level of government in the state of Florida is epitomized by the ghoulish finding of nine dead bodies in urns in the office of a prolific human trafficker and serial killer who operates under the title of “guardian”. What is being done? NOTHING. Why? Because she is being purported to investigate by the collusive cover up arm of the state of the Florida, the FDLE. Why isn’t the attorney general of the Department of Justice investigating the serial murder of 9 vulnerable adults? She has been left unleashed on the public after payment of an insulting miniscule $22,000 bail. Moreover, these serial deaths are being portrayed by the state of Florida as the acts of a solo, lowly “guardian.” This serial killing is not the result of murder by a solo, lowly predator guardian; the kingpins of this serial killing/ extortion/human trafficking racket are state of Florida color of law judges. This organized crime racket is being run by a terror type network of so called “guardian judges, attorney and guardians throughout the state of Florida and is being covered up and protected by Florida’s attorney general, governor and law enforcement.

Those of us who are here, myself included are children of these vulnerable adults and we have watched in horror as our parent and other loved ones are murdered by the probate court racket.

In response to our thousands of complaint, you have ignored our pleas to not only “keep our seniors safe” but to keep our seniors alive and from being human trafficked, murdered and embezzled. You have done nothing. That is tantamount to collusion.

The failure by the Department of Justice to keep our seniors safe is also a failure by the DOJ to keep us, their family members safe. We, the family members who expose this crime are viciously attacked, stalked, our lives and liberty threatened by the corrupt judges involved. We are embroiled in ceaseless litigation orchestrated by these predator attorneys, judges and guardians, our assets are seized in fabricated lawsuits orchestrated by these corrupt state actors in collusion with corrupt judges in other courts who protect the racket. We are forced into bankruptcy where our assets are illegal seized and garnished. Our homes are stolen in foreclosure proceedings. Our liberty is threatened. We are illegally stripped of our first amendment rights to free speech by illegal gag orders.

The business of human trafficking, embezzlement and murder for hire is a flourishing business in the state of Florida. The state of Florida has a propensity for enabling and covering up all forms of human trafficking rackets. Florida’s hand slap to Jeffrey Epstein, a serial rapist and human trafficker and the resulting cover up inferno been played out on a national stage.

We wonder - does the corrupt Florida government fear Florida’s economic foundation will break without this illegal human trafficking empire? This is the reality... by breaking apart and eradicating this racket, the government is opening the door to legitimate, productive business that will “make America great again”. The sponsoring of a human trafficking murder for hire does not make America great again. It makes America a barbaric Nazi derived nation.

EFTA00015688

We are crime victims and whistleblowers. We demand protection by Federal law enforcement. We have compiled documents that graphically detail the workings on this crime on a global level and how it is carried out against individually our families.

We want answers and remedy. We want this criminal racket eradicated. We want Federal grand juries on a state-wide basis. We want urgent massive criminal investigation and arrests.

So we ask you Mr. Barr, attorney general of the United States, what are you going to do to protect us and our families and America's seniors and keep us safe? We want to meet with you after this presentation and your confirmation to such a meeting.

|  Barbara Stone | Robert Sarhan | Lesa M. Martino  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  Eliot Bernstein | Miriam Hernandez | Shender Hoti  |

EFTA00015689