EFT A00015856

From:
To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>
Cc:
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Fri, 13 Aug 2021 11:54:22 +0000

Good morning Bobbi-

There was a miscommunication on our end internally. There was no breach. The address provided was a very secure line, however, it was already one being used. We are creating a line as secure as possible. We are hoping for this to be complete by the 9:30 scheduled call, but I cannot confirm it will be ready by then.

I sincerely apologize for the confusion and inconvenience.

Best,

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> 8/12/2021 11:29 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning-

In my email of 8/9 (see below), I raised concerns regarding use of the MDC Zoom platform because it does not preclude third parties with access information to the Zoom "Courtrooms" from interfering (inadvertently or intentionally) with Ms. Maxwell's privileged communication.

That concern manifested itself today when third parties accessed the Zoom room used by Ms. Maxwell and counsel.

This breach was reported to, and I believe witnessed by, MDC staff, including technician .

This severely impacts confidential privileged attorney-client communication and is especially concerning in this high-profile case.

I am requesting that we immediately revert back to the WebEx platform controlled by Cohen &amp; Gresser.

Please contact me to discuss.

Thank you-

Bobbi

Please note my new office address and preferred email address:

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
225 Broadway, Suite 715
New York, NY 10007</bcsternheim@mac.com></bcsternheim@mac.com>

Main: 212-243-1100
Cell: 917-912-9698
Fax: 888-587-4737
bcsternheim@mac.com

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

&gt; On Aug 9, 2021, at 10:16 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> wrote:
&gt;
&gt; It is my understanding that the new MDC Zoom platform does not preclude third parties who have the access information
&gt; to the Zoom "Courtroom" from interfering (inadvertently or intentionally) with Ms. Maxwell's privileged communication.

EFTA00015857</bcsternheim@mac.com>