From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;

Subject: RE: / Epstein

Date: Wed, 02 Oct 2019 19:57:15 +0000

Sounds good, thanks. I'll come by then.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 2, 2019 3:53 PM

To: ) &lt;

Subject: Re: / Epstein

415?

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 2, 2019, at 3:52 PM, ) &lt; wrote:

Yes, is now a good time for me to swing by?

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 2, 2019 3:39 PM

To: ) &lt;

Subject: FW: / Epstein

Hey, can you find me to discuss today?

From: Bourtin, Nicolas &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 2, 2019 3:10 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: Levin, Sharon Cohen &lt;

Subject: RE: / Epstein

Sorry to press. I know you haven't had this long. The AML folks at are anxious to close these accounts unless the government requests that we not do so, and they asked me to check in. If there's someone on the team you'd rather I harass, let me know.

Thanks.

Nic

From: Bourtin, Nicolas

Sent: Tuesday, October 01, 2019 9:31 PM

To: (USANYS)' &lt;

Cc: Levin, Sharon Cohen &lt;

Subject: RE: / Epstein

Many thanks.

EFTA00015852

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Tuesday, October 01, 2019 7:45 PM
To: Bourtin, Nicolas [REDACTED]
Cc: Levin, Sharon Cohen [REDACTED]
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: [REDACTED] / Epstein

Thanks very much, Nic. I will discuss with the team and I or one of them will get back to you.

Best,

[REDACTED]

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 1, 2019, at 7:20 PM, Bourtin, Nicolas [REDACTED] wrote:

[REDACTED] -

As I mentioned last night, attached is a SAR that [REDACTED] filed today in connection with persons associated with Jeffrey Epstein. The bank would like to close all of the accounts of the entities named in the SAR as soon as possible. (The current balance on those accounts is approximately $30 million.) Before doing so, the bank wanted to make your office aware of these accounts in case the government intends to take any action.

Please advise once you've had a chance to consider.

Many thanks.

Nic

Nicolas Bourtin | Sullivan &amp; Cromwell LLP
125 Broad Street | New York, NY 10004-2498

[REDACTED]

This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.

<td 2019-43693.do.pdf="" filed="" sar="">

**This is an external message from:** [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]

EFTA00015853</td>