Instagram Business Record
Page 1

Service Instagram
Target 1322128817
Account ghtislainemaxwell
Identifier
Account Type InstagramUser
Generated 2020-01-04 21:03:00 UTC
Date Range 2019-08-08 00:00:00 UTC to 2019-12-11 23:59:59 UTC

Ncmec Reports NCMEC Cybertips: NCMEC cybertip reports associated to the account of the sender.
Definition CyberTip ID: Unique identifier associated with the cybertip.
Time: Date and time the NCMEC cybertip was sent.
Responsible Id: Identification number of the sender's Facebook account associated with the NCMEC cybertip report.

NCMEC No responsive records located
CyberTip
Numbers

Name Name: Name provided by the account holder.
Definition First: First name provided by the account holder.
Middle: Middle name provided by the account holder.
Last: Last name provided by the account holder.

Name First Ghislaine Maxwell

Emails Registered Email Addresses: Displays a list of registered email addresses. To "register" an address, it
Definition requires confirmation by the account holder.

Registered
Email
Addresses

Vanity Vanity: Username associated with the account.
Definition

Vanity Name ghislainemaxwell

Registration Registration Date: Date and time of account creation.
Date Definition

Registration 2014-05-10 17:10:23 UTC
Date

Registration Ip IP address associated with account creation.
Definition

Registration Ip 69.203.141.229

EFTA00016320

Instagram Business Record
Page 2

Account End
Date Definition Account End Date: Displays the status of the account at the time the records were generated.

Account Closure Date Account Still true Active

Phone Numbers Definition
Phone numbers: Phone number(s) provided by the account holder. "Verified" indicates the account holder responded to a text sent to the listed phone number.

Phone Numbers Definition
No responsive records located

Logins Definition
Logins: Information collected at the time the account was logged into.
IP Address: IP address associated to the login.
Time: Date and time of the login.
Location: Location of the login.

Logins
IP Address 104.219.99.170
Time 2019-08-15 00:41:29 UTC
IP Address 104.219.99.170
Time 2019-08-14 21:31:18 UTC

EFTA00016321