Contact: Gloria Allred
Phone:
Email:

# Statement of Jane Doe

I was a model in another country when I came to the United States. I was told by a booker that I needed to meet with a man named Jeffrey Epstein who was the owner of Victoria's Secret. The booker told me that Mr. Epstein could help me get into the Victoria's Secret world. It was my childhood dream to be a Victoria's Secret model. So I went one day in the afternoon and met Mr. Epstein in his office in his mansion in New York.

A woman introduced herself and suggested to me that I should be extremely nice to Mr. Epstein, because if he liked me, he would probably have photographers shooting photos of me right away. The woman told me to go upstairs and directed me to Jeffrey Epstein's office. Mr. Epstein had a white robe on and we chatted very briefly. I had my portfolio of photos, but he didn't even take a look at it. Suddenly, he took his robe off and got close to me. I got up to leave, but the door was locked. I didn't know what was going on. It was my first official meeting to be cast in the United States. I was a young girl and confused. He got very close to me and I had a skirt on. He started to

EFTA00017102

At that point I ran to the door again and figured out how to get out of there. A girl outside asked me where I was going and she said to be careful. She said that Mr. Epstein knew a lot of powerful people, including Bill Clinton, and that if I didn't do what Mr. Epstein wanted, I would not be able to have any job in the industry. I was so scared, I couldn't wait to get out of there and I left. I took the train home. I had spent all of my savings getting Victoria's Secret lingerie to prepare for what I thought would be my audition, but instead it seemed like a casting call for prostitution. I felt like I was in hell.

JANE DOE
REPRESENTED BY ATTORNEY GLORIA ALLRED
AUGUST 27, 2019

EFTA00017103