From: " (USANYS)" &lt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;
Subject: RE: Epstein PR Final review
Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 14:21:38 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 10:21 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;
Subject: RE: Epstein PR Final review

I am signed off.

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 10:17 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;

Subject: RE: Epstein PR Final review

Any other edits? Or are we good to finalize the release?

From: (USANYS) &lt;
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 9:55 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;;; (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein PR Final review

Also in quote: Are we trying to say no matter where the incident took place?

FBI Assistant Director said: "We are asking anyone who may have been victimized by Jeffery Epstein, or anyone who may have information about his alleged criminal behavior, to please call us. The number is 1-800-CALL-FBI. We want to hear from you, regardless of the age you are now, or whatever age you were then, no matter the incident that took place. The bravery it takes to call us might empower others to speak out about the crimes committed against them. It is important to remember there was never, nor will there ever be an excuse for this type of behavior. In the eyes of the FBI, the victims will always come first."

EFTA00014643

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, July 8, 2019 9:39 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Epstein PR Final review
Importance: High

Attached is the final PR for review. Please note that [REDACTED] quote includes the number to call, so we need to finalize that as soon as possible. Thanks.

Public Affairs
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York
[REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/usaosdny
Follow us on Twitter: @SDNYnews

EFTA00014644