From: "Moyne, Parvin"
To:
Cc: "Moyer, Thomas", "DiPiero, Joseph"
Subject: RE:
Date: Tue, 12 Nov 2019 22:27:23 +0000

Thanks - and we will definitely keep you posted.

Best,
Parvin

---Original Message---
From:
Sent: Tuesday, November 12, 2019 1:23 PM
To: Moyne, Parvin
Cc: Moyer, Thomas; DiPiero, Joseph
Subject: RE:

**EXTERNAL Email**

Parvin,

Thanks for letting us know, and we have no concerns or questions about that. Please let us know if anything arises that you think would be useful to convey, and thanks again for the heads up.

---Original Message---
From: Moyne, Parvin
Sent: Tuesday, November 12, 2019 11:00
To:
Cc: Moyer, Thomas; DiPiero, Joseph
Subject:

Hi all - Hope you are well. As part of the bank's internal investigation, we are planning to reach out to several former DB employees, including Paul Morris, to see if they would be willing to speak with us about Epstein's accounts. Please let us know if you would like to discuss this.

Best,
Parvin

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the

EFTA00017064

recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

EFTA00017065