EFTA00016295

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Cc: "_________________________ [Contractor]" &lt;_________________________

Subject: RE: Epstein
Date: Mon, 18 Mar 2019 04:41:25 +0000

Circling back / following up on the records issue, and adding _______ to this chain, it looks like we have some version of the case file as it existed with the FOIA office in D.C. But when I last spoke with D.C., they said that they had only been able to transfer approximately 16,000 pages – out of 29,000 total – to _______.

I can you remind what the latest is with D.C. in terms of figuring out what they actually transferred to _______? I can't tell from looking at the hard drive we have uploaded. I want to get it onto Relativity, but not if it's just a subset and we're still working on getting the whole file from them.

I changed the file title slightly to reflect its contents – and some time when I can let the file transfer run overnight I'll put it as a subfolder in FBI materials, but for now it's here – \\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Investigation\2019-03-06. case file from DC. hard drive

I also moved the folder of video discs we got into the 72 File folder, since those were all from that investigation (the black book sting).

Was thinking of this just because I want to make sure any discs we're getting are put on Relativity for review – I'll do the same for the Boies discs, and it made me think of the D.C. stuff too since I think we may be a little stalled on that (unless what _______ got was in fact the full 29,000 pages).

From: [Contractor]
Sent: Thursday, March 07, 2019 12:00
To: [_________________________]
Cc: [_________________________]. (NY) (FBI) [_________________________]
Subject: RE: Epstein

Hi [_________________________].

The materials on the hard drive [_________________________] dropped off have been placed here:
\\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Investigation\2019.03.06 Hard Drive

She also dropped off a number of discs, which have been individually loaded here:
\\Usa.doj.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Investigation\2019.03.06 Discs

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Best,

From: [_________________________]
Sent: Wednesday, March 6, 2019 1:28 PM
To: [_________________________]
Cc: [_________________________]. (NY) (FBI) &lt;_________________________&gt;: [_________________________]
Subject: Epstein

Hi [_________________________].

The FBI has a large amount of data for us on the Epstein case—can the case agent, [_________________________] (copied here) give you the data for uploading to the shared? If you guys could coordinate on the logistics, that would be great.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
[_________________________]
[_________________________]
[_________________________]

EFTA00016296