EFT A00015948

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Epstein / Maxwell Case...
Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 17:17:22 +0000

Of course, absolutely, and thanks. I think whatever you feel would be appropriate, and certainly no problem in thanking her for being in touch and to generally be supportive, whether or not she ultimately is interested in sharing anything more. Happy to discuss further if that's useful but yes, please do feel totally free to acknowledge.

From:
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 13:15
To:
Subject: FW: Epstein / Maxwell Case...

I would like to acknowledge her email if you let me.

From:
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM
To:
Subject: Epstein / Maxwell Case...

Hello,

I've debated whether to send this email a thousand times. In fact, I've written it numerous times. Hopefully I will be brave enough to send it this time.

My name is [redacted] I was sexually assaulted when I was barely 18 years old in a NYC restaurant / club. At the time, I was too scared and confused and... well traumatized to do anything about it. My life pretty much crumbled after that. And by the time I pulled myself together, it was too late to do anything about it... Or at least I felt it was. I had done such a good job, eradicating anything associated with that part of my life and scrubbing my mind of the memories that I no longer remembered the details like the name of the girl that invited me along and introduced me to the person who assaulted me as well as the name or location of the venue. So I did nothing...

A few months ago, I saw Epstein's face on the news and I put everything altogether... I was sexually assaulted by Jeffery Epstein.

He's dead now... so I'm not really sure why I'm emailing or even bringing it up now but I just felt like I should let someone know. If I can be of help in anyway, I'd like to be. However, I don't really have proof and I can't really offer anything as far as Maxwell's case goes. She could have been there as well as I do remember there being a "woman" there along with numerous other "girls". I remember making a mental note to myself how it was weird that there that I was probably the oldest one out of the girls that were there except for the one woman that was sitting with the other men.

Anyway, for now, I'd prefer to talk via email but if it makes sense, I'd be okay chatting with you in the future if you think it makes sense. Again, I'm not sure if I can be of any help or if it even makes sense to reach out anymore... but I just felt like I'd never forgive myself if I stayed silent again this time.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

EFTA00015949