From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire
Date: Tue, 12 Oct 2021 23:31:35 +0000
Attachments: 2021.10.11_Letter_re_Jury_Questionnaire_and_Voir_Dire_[to_Court].pdf

Counsel,

Please let us know if you consent to us publicly filing the letter referenced in the Court’s email below this evening (reattached here for your convenience) or if you intend to file a letter seeking sealing.

Thanks,

From: Nathan NYSD Chambers
Sent: Tuesday, October 12, 2021 5:32 PM
To:

Subject: Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

Counsel:

Consistent with the Court's Individual Rules, if one or both sides are requesting sealing, the letter making that request must be docketed on ECF unless counsel is also seeking, with explanation and justification, to file the letter under seal.

The Court would also like a copy of the Jencks Act material and exhibits.

Sincerely,

Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan

From:
Sent: Monday, October 11, 2021 7:53 PM
To: Nathan NYSD Chambers

EFTA00016714

EFTA00016715

Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

**CAUTION - EXTERNAL:**

Good evening,

Attached please find the parties' joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties respectfully request that the Court accept the joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire under seal.

In addition, the Government has produced Jencks Act material and exhibits to the defense today. If the Court would like a copy, we would be happy to provide it.

Respectfully submitted,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007
Tel: [redacted]

**CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL:** This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening attachments or clicking on links.