From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Maxwell discovery review
Date: Mon, 19 Oct 2020 02:49:21 +0000

Very sorry, but Maxwell’s attorney just emailed to say that he needs to cancel this Tuesday’s meeting. Would you be available on Thursday or Friday of this week instead, please?

Thanks very much,

On Oct 16, 2020, at 11:28 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Hi again,

We are confirmed for Tuesday 10/20. The attorney will be present with Maxwell for the review. The attorney is scheduled to arrive at 8am, so the MDC asked that you two please arrive at 7:45 and ask for the Captain, so that the Captain can go over the logistics with you.

Thanks very much again to you both, and please give me a call if any issues or questions come up.

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 15, 2020 4:56 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Maxwell discovery review
Thanks so much to both of you. I’ve let the attorney know that Monday and Tuesday are both possibilities. I will let you know when we have a new date and time confirmed.

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 15, 2020 4:52 PM
To:
Cc:

Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Maxwell discovery review
Monday or Tuesday preferably, thank you! Wednesday I’m unavailable. Thursday or Friday I can try to make it work.

Thanks!

Special Agent
FBI - New York - SO-9

On Oct 15, 2020 4:49 PM, [redacted] wrote:
Free any day, just let me know when you need me.

EFTA00015217

On Oct 15, 2020 4:47 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Hi again,

Apologies for the last-minute change, but defense counsel has informed me that we need to cancel tomorrow’s visit and reschedule it for early next week. Are there any days next week when you would be available to go to the MDC instead?

Thanks very much,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: [redacted]
Sent: Thursday, October 15, 2020 3:11 PM
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]

Subject: Maxwell discovery review

Thank you both so much for your assistance facilitating Ghislaine Maxwell’s review of sensitive discovery materials. The whole team is very grateful to you for your help.

I’ve informed [redacted] who is legal counsel at the MDC, that you two will be bringing the secure laptop to the MDC tomorrow for Maxwell to review from 8am to 3pm. [redacted] indicated that the Captain will likely want to meet with you when you arrive to discuss the logistics of where everyone will be while Maxwell is reviewing the material.

One thing to note: because Maxwell is represented by counsel, the FBI is not permitted to speak with her. So as a reminder, please do not engage Maxwell in any conversation.

If you have any issues or questions at all, please do not hesitate to call me on my cellphone at [redacted].

Thank you again,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00015218