From: "Moyne, Parvin" &lt;&gt;
To: " _______________ )" &lt;&gt;
Ce: "DiPiero, Joseph" "Moyer, Thomas" &lt;&gt;
" _______________ )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein accounts
Date: Mon, 03 Aug 2020 16:12:20 +0000

I hope you are well and getting some time "off" this summer. I'm reaching out via email as it may be the most efficient way to tee-up the inquiry we have received, but we can circulate a dial-in at a convenient time for you if you'd like to discuss anything.

Deutsche Bank has received a third-party subpoena from the Attorney General's Office of the U.S. Virgin Islands in connection with a pending civil suit they have filed against Jeffrey Epstein's estate, the executors of the estate, and others. One of the requests is for a copy of any government subpoenas received by the Bank relating to Epstein, and a copy of any productions made pursuant to the subpoenas. Do we have your permission to disclose your subpoena and our production to you to the U.S.V.I. AG? Would you prefer us to refer the office to you directly or provide you with contact information? I'm happy to send you a copy of the U.S.V.I. AG subpoena if helpful in evaluating the request.

Best,
Parvin

## Parvin Daphne Moyne

AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER &amp; FELD LLP

Direct: [REDACTED] Internal: [REDACTED]

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

EFTA00017084