11/26/21, 7:14 PM
Mail - (NY) (FBI) - Outlook

# RE: DCAP Review

Fri 7/23/2021 3:27 PM

To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; (NYPD) &lt; &gt;; Hello-

Just finished the review and all 3,662 with motion have now been completed.

Let me know if you need anything else!

Thanks for helping

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, July 23, 2021 1:57 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; (NYPD) &lt; &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;.

Subject: RE: DCAP Review

Hey-

I was able to review approx. 1420 videos working from the opposite end (Media type: video; Relationship: Has Motion; Order: Descending). We shouldn't have too many videos left to tag- I know has been working on it this week as well. My DCAP portal keeps crashing, so I will continue my efforts on Monday morning! As long as the app works Monday we should be all complete then with tagging individuals as "file of interest" and others as "reviewed."

See you later!

Operational Support Technician
C20 &amp; C11, NYO
Federal Bureau of Investigation

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Thursday, July 15, 2021 6:12 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;; (NYPD) &lt; &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;.

Subject: DCAP Review

Hey all-

I’ve been able to review a decent amount of the video footage in DCAP and wanted to send an email where I left off (I’ll be out of the office Friday-Tues). I filtered the case specific to media type (video) and relationship (has

https://outlook.office365.us/mail/deeplink?popoutv2=1&amp;version=20211025002.13
EFTA00014968

11/26/21, 7:14 PM
Mail - [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) - Outlook

motions). I tagged any video with an individual as “file of interest” and others of non-significance as “reviewed”.

Once filtered there are 3,662 videos, so far I’ve been able to review 1,300.

See you next week!

https://outlook.office365.us/mail/deeplink?popoutv2=1&amp;version=20211025002.13
EFTA00014969