x cingular

# National Compliance Center
RESPONSE COVER SHEET

PO BOX 24679

WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33416-4679

Phone 1-800-635-6840 Facsimile 1-888-938-4715

To: SA
FBI 33401
STE 500
WEST PALM BEACH FL 33401

File Code: 227815

From: YAB

Phone Number:
Fax Number:

Request Dated: 8/1/2006
Received On: 8/1/2006
Number of Pages:
Date: 8/24/2006

If you are not already doing so, please begin addressing all legal requests to Cingular Wireless.
Additionally, effective immediately, please fax all legal requests to Cingular Wireless at 1-888-938-4715.

- The requested information is enclosed.
- Cell site location information is provided upon receipt of a Search Warrant, a Court Order pursuant to "Specific &amp; Articulable Facts" or Federal Statute 18 USC ยง2703 (d).
- There are four (4) folders in the CD that represent the four target numbers. All available information for the time frame of January 1, 2004 to present has been provided.

# CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE

This cover sheet, and any document which may accompany it, contains information from the National Compliance Center which is intended for use only by the individual to whom it is addressed, and which may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, any review, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this message or its substance is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone to arrange for the return of this communication to us at our expense. Thank you.

NCC Official Use Only

|  U | R | C | O  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

227815

EFTA00015189