U.S. Department of Justice
Office of the Inspector General
MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | New York Field Office  |

On August 14, 2019, at the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York (SDNY), an interview was conducted with Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) Metropolitan Correction Center (MCC) Lieutenant [REDACTED] Present for this interview were Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) [REDACTED] AUSA [REDACTED] Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Special Agent (SA) [REDACTED] New York City Police Detective, assigned as a Task Force Officer (TFO) to the FBI, and [REDACTED] SA for the Department of Justice (DOJ) Office of the Inspector General (OIG).

Prior to the start of the interview in front of all mentioned above, SA [REDACTED] verbally explained to Lieutenant [REDACTED] her involvement in the interview was voluntary and it was related to the actions at the MCC the night of August 9, 2019 and the morning of August 10, 2019, specifically involving MCC inmate Jeffrey Epstein. Lieutenant [REDACTED] stated that she understood that this was a criminal investigation and that her involvement was voluntary.

After the verbal explanation that this was a voluntary interview, SA [REDACTED] mistakenly provided Lieutenant [REDACTED] DOJ OIG Form III-226/3 (04/23/07) Warnings and Assurances to Employee Required to Provide Information. Lieutenant [REDACTED] read and signed that without question. SA [REDACTED] intended to give Lieutenant [REDACTED] DOJ OIG Form III-226/2 (04/23/07) Non-Custodial/Employee. SA Carpenter intended to provide [REDACTED] with DOJ OIG Form OIG Form III-226/2, Warnings and Assurances to Employee Requested to Provide Information on a Voluntary Basis.

It is the belief to all present in the room that [REDACTED] knew her interview and answers were voluntary and not compelled.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | Special Agent |  | Acting ASAC  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|   | Digitally signed by
Date: 2019.12.08 08:17:50
-05'00' |  | Digitally signed by
Date: 2019.12.12 09:22:58 -06'00'  |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00016903