EFTA00015932

From: Michael Bachrach &lt;&gt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " )"

Cc: Tony Ricco &lt;&gt;, BRUCE KOFFSKY &lt;&gt;, "Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq" &lt;&gt;, Aida Leisenring &lt;&gt;, "Michael Bachrach" &lt;&gt;

Subject: Fw: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Date: Tue, 19 Nov 2019 19:19:57 +0000

Hi [REDACTED] and [REDACTED]

Bruce B. has brought the following exchange to my attention. Yes, to the extent the request has been made to you please consider it as a Rule 16 request as we view this information as discoverable as Rule 16 material as to the penalty phase.

Also, in light of your offer, we will hold off for now on pursuing the request with the MCC/BOP to avoid duplicative efforts. We appreciate your assistance, as your aid could certainly speed things along.

--Michael

Michael K. Bachrach, Esq.
276 Fifth Ave., Suite 501
New York, NY 10001
tel: [REDACTED]
fax: [REDACTED]
cell: [REDACTED]
All other email to: [REDACTED]

--- Forwarded Message ---

From: Bruce Barket &lt;&gt;

To: Michael Bachrach &lt;&gt;

Sent: Tuesday, November 19, 2019, 07:38:07 AM EST

Subject: FW: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Received this

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530

www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [mailto:] Sent: Monday, November 18, 2019 5:37 PM
To: [REDACTED] Bruce Barket; [REDACTED]
Cc: Aida Leisenring
Subject: RE: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Bruce - To the extent your request is to the MCC/BOP, the request is governed by the procedures set forth below in [REDACTED] email. To the extent the request is to our office pursuant to Rule 16, as a courtesy, we will look to see what statements are in our possession and gather and produce them to you by the end of the week. The production will be pursuant to the protective order in this case.

Assistant United States Attorney

From: [REDACTED] Sent: Monday, November 18, 2019 8:50 AM
To: Bruce Barket; [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Cc: Aida Leisenring
Subject: Re: Statements by Mr. Tartaglione

Hi Bruce,

Pursuant to FOIA/Privacy Act and Touhy regulations, we need a release from the inmate, Touhy letter, and subpoena for the request to be considered locally. Please also be advised that we would have to seek authority under Touhy through the USAO.

Thank you,

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket &lt;[REDACTED] 11/17/2019 5:03 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

It is my understanding that Mr. Tartaglione was interviewed by members of Bureau of Prisons in the late hours of July 22nd or the early hours of July 23, 2019 concerning Jeffrey Epstein's reported attempted suicide attempt. Pease provide the record of any statements made by Mr. Tartaglione, any written statements made by Mr. Tartaglione and any recording of any such statements.

EFTA00015933

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530
www.barketeoestein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00015934