From:
To:
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody
Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 18:14:21 +0000

On Jul 3, 2020, at 2:01 PM,  &gt; wrote:

Yes

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM,  wrote:

Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today?
(And please tell  hi back!)

On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM,  &gt; wrote:

Done.

P.S.  says hi!

From:
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM
To:  &gt;
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

Terrific, thanks very much.

Both attorneys are partners at Cohen &amp; Gresser LLP.

Chris Everdell's number is
Mark Cohen's number i

Thanks again,

EFTA00014916

From:
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

☐ is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer?

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

Appreciate it, thank you.

From:
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM
To:
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

I will call ☐ and advise - he can be a little touchy.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, ☐ wrote:

Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with ☐ about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from ☐. If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to ☐ directly to discuss.

From:
Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM
To:
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

I will try. Can I start with ☐ he may be in the best position to get it done?

J

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, ☐ wrote:

Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to her New York counsel. Would it be possible to add her two New York attorneys—Chris Everdell and Mark Cohen—to the list of people Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please?

EFTA00014917

Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case.

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM
To:
Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

FYI

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT
To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)"
Cc:
Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

To all:

Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me.

Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following directives apply and shall not be deviated from without express permission from , myself or

1. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in M1
2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel
3. Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the inmate's health and safety
4. Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch
5. All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in XJail
6. Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive and will be tracked via the designated tracking form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this documentation and video to Monday July 6th
7. Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN

EFTA00014918

8. Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to [REDACTED] only

At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding this inmate.

[REDACTED]
Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal
District of New Hampshire
Concord, New Hampshire
[REDACTED] office

This e-mail is property of U.S. Marshals Service. It is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, or otherwise protected from disclosure. Distribution or copying of this e-mail or the information contained herein by anyone other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately and destroy all electronic and paper copies of this e-mail.

EFTA00014919