From: "(USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: "(USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " , "
Cc: " " &gt;&gt;
Subject: RE: NT 3500
Date: Sun, 11 Apr 2021 06:48:02 +0000

Hey, I think we'll plan on starting stamping early tomorrow afternoon. Let me know if we should be holding off on certain folders for your review.

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Saturday, April 10, 2021 7:01 PM
To: ) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: ) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: NT 3500

Hi

I indicated a few additional folders that should be deleted:

[Diagram: A box labeled "Is a text block" with a line labeled "Is a text block" and a vertical number "1" around it, and a box labeled "Is a text block" at the top, below it. A box labeled "Is a text block" is marked "Is a text block" and the text "Is a text block" is marked "Is a text block".]

I am done reviewing the first 100 folders so if you want to get started stamping, please feel free. (If you are planning to start tomorrow, let me know as I may look back over one or two folders).

Thank you again!

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Saturday, April 10, 2021 12:33 AM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Cc: ) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: NT 3500

Hi

Thanks for all your work on this project. I few things from my review, though I'll likely send some additional things tomorrow:

- The folder contains just one report, and I think that goes in the folder instead. Please move it and delete his folder. Same thing for the folder.
- are the same person and the folders can be merged under the name
- is the same person as , a potential testifying witness. Could you please move those materials and delete the folder?
- The stuff in the folder should actually go in the folder, and you can delete the one for Pry once the stuff is moved over.

EFTA00015829

- In the [redacted] folder, there’s a transcript of a deposition of Mark Epstein. Could you please move that into a new, NTW folder for him?
- [redacted] could you please move these to the not-a-witness folder you created? We’ll deal with the contents later, but not in the context of the NTW production.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew’s Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00015830