From:
To:

Subject: RE: Call from SDNY
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2019 20:05:19 +0000
Importance: Normal

Thanks!

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 17, 2019 10:25 AM
To:
Subject: FW: Call from SDNY

Hi

Here you go. [REDACTED] has been dealing with the First Assistant in MDFL.

Hope this is helpful.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 17, 2019 10:22 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Call from SDNY

I last dealt with [REDACTED] in the Middle District of Florida. She is the First Assistant who would likely have the authority to issue the letter authorizing SDNY access to grand jury materials our office developed.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 17, 2019 9:51 AM
To:
Subject: FW: Call from SDNY

Following up on this.

Thanks

From:
Sent: Friday, April 5, 2019 2:24 PM

EFTA00016962

To:
Subject: Call from SDNY

Just received a call from the Crim Chief in SDNY. SDNY has an open criminal matter involving Jeff Epstein. They understand we are recused and have shared nothing about the matter. The purpose of the call concerned their efforts to obtain from the FBI in the SDFL the evidence gathered as part of the SDFL Epstein investigation. The Miami FBI has expressed a reluctance to send any 6e materials to the SDNY FBI without a 6e letter. Given our recusal from the underlying criminal matter, I don't believe we should be the ones to give the FBI the go-ahead or the 6e letter. We no longer control that evidence.

Do you have the name and contact information for the new USAO/AUSA handling our old criminal case? I think the best bet is to put SDNY in touch with that AUSA.

Thanks

EFTA00016963