From: " " )" &lt;

To: Teri Gibbs &lt;

Cc: " " )" &lt; , " " )" &lt; , Colleen Mullen &lt;

Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

Date: Tue, 19 Nov 2019 15:13:29 +0000

Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg

Hi Teri,

As I mentioned when I believe we first discussed this, the volume of materials is considerable, and our review is ongoing. At this point, we don't have any affirmative information to provide, but we're happy to be in touch going forward.

Thanks,

From: Teri Gibbs &lt;

Sent: Monday, November 18, 2019 7:21 PM

To: &lt;

Cc: &lt;); Colleen Mullen &lt;

Subject: RE: CONFIDENTIAL: Victim Reports Against Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB)

I am following up regarding our August 5, 2019, email to confirm whether our clients are depicted in any of the photographs seized from Jeffrey Epstein's home. I have attached three PDF files for your review which contain pictures of our clients,

Please respond at your earliest convenience. Thank you.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best regards,

Teri Gibbs

On Mon, Aug 5, 2019 at 3:52 PM Teri Gibbs &lt; wrote:

Hi

Thank you for taking the time to speak with our firm on Friday, August 2, 2019, regarding our clients, who believe they were assaulted by Epstein in or around June 2004.

We have confirmed our clients' availability for interviews with your office. Ms. s available for an in-person interview on August 26, 2019, or August 27, 2019. Ms. who is located in , is available for an interview via video conference, preferably the week of August 26th. Please confirm whether your office is available to meet with Ms. h those dates and whether we can arrange a video conference for Ms.

EFTA00015929

Additionally, as discussed in our call, we have attached two PDF files for your review which contain pictures of Ms. [redacted] and Ms. [redacted] from 2004. If possible, please confirm whether our clients are in any of the photographs seized from Epstein's home.

Thank you. We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best regards,

Teri Gibbs

Notice To Recipient: This e-mail is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein.

Notice To Recipient: This e-mail is meant for only the intended recipient of the transmission, and may be a communication privileged by law. If you received this e-mail in error, any review, use, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. Please notify us immediately of the error by return e-mail and please delete this message and any and all duplicates of this message from your system. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

EFTA00015930

IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: In order to comply with requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Service, we inform you that any U.S. tax advice contained in this communication (including any attachments) is not intended to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing, or recommending to another party any transaction or matter addressed herein.

EFTA00015931