From: " " )" &lt;

To: "

Cc: "(USANYS)"&lt;

Subject: FW: Monday

Date: Mon, 18 Oct 2021 04:12:01 +0000

Attachments: Government_MIL_v6.docx

Hey – I’ve cite checked sections IV through the end, so there are sections I-III left. Hopefully + another para or intern will confirm the quotes, etc., for the whole document, but I think one of us should lay eyes on the key cases in each section. If you have bandwidth, would you mind doing either section I or sections II and III?

From:

Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 12:08 AM

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; &gt;

Cc: " &lt; &gt;; " (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Monday

Amazing! Thank you!

I’ve attached a draft for cite checking. We’ll probably make some small tweaks before finalizing the table of contents and authorities. This is pretty long, so if there’s another paralegal who can help pitch in, feel free to rope them in too. I’ll see if I can find an intern who can help.

Thanks!

From: " (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; &gt;

Sent: Sunday, October 17, 2021 8:55 PM

To: "

Cc: " &lt; &gt;; " (USANYS) &lt; &gt;

Subject: Re: Monday

Hi

For sure, I’ll definitely have time to tackle this tomorrow. Just send over anything I’ll need.

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 17, 2021, at 8:19 PM, " wrote:

Hey

I hope you’re having a nice weekend!

Our motions in limine for Maxwell are due tomorrow. Do you have bandwidth tomorrow to help finalize the document? We definitely need help making a table of authorities and table of contents, and if you have time, we’d love

EFTA00016730

help doing a citecheck of the document too.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 Saint Andrews Plaza
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00016731