EFTA00015589

From: _______________________________________________________________________

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: RE: Travel approval request

Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 11:31:50 +0000

Importance: Normal

Good morning _______________________________________________________________________.

I was out of the Office yesterday, but I'll get this booked right away. Thanks.

U.S. Attorney's Office (SDNY)
Legal Assistant, Public Corruption

From: _______________________________________________________________________

Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 10:11 PM

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: FW: Travel approval request

Hi _______________________________________________________________________.

It's still up in the air whether I'll be on this trip to Florida later this week, but could you please create a travel authorization just in case? Thank you!

From: _______________________________________________________________________

Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 19:38

To: _______________________________________________________________________

Subject: Travel approval request

Traveler,

Please have your legal asst. create a travel auth. in E2 for __________ to officially fund &amp; approve today. Thanks

Each time you book a trip, you should check these links to see the maximum lodging allowed for your destination city &amp; if the office will be able to reimburse you for room taxes.

- Click here - is the city lodging tax exempt?

State/City tax exempt link https://usanet.usa.doi.gov/staffs/RMP/lavouts/15/WopiFrame2.aspx?sourcedoc=/staffs/RMP/RMP%20Document%20Library/TravelStateTaxExemption.pdf&amp;action=default
https://www.esa.gov/travel/plan-book/state-tax-exemption-information-for-government-charge-cards

If applicable, print &amp; submit form to hotel front desk Lodging taxes will no longer be reimbursed for cities that allow an exemption.

- Click here Per diem Rates link - the maximum lodging reimbursable for your destination is Per diem Rates link

Misc. fees maybe considered part of the per night rate &amp; may need to be factored into the total per night cost

- PIV Card Driven Link - E2 Solutions, select USA identity provider OR Password Driven link - Click here to log back into the System.

You or your legal asst. should create an E2 travel auth. &amp; book air, rail &amp; or hotel in E2 E2 Solutions. today

Be sure to complete the process by clicking send to approver at the end. This is the only way your request can reach for approval.

- Rental Cars
Travelers must reserve rental cars via E2-E2 Solutions to ensure the rental car company is under the U.S. Government Car Rental Agreement.
Only Compact or Economy vehicles are authorized. Contact travel coordinator for acceptable justifications/ authorization for bother vehicle classes
Refueling charges charged by the rental car company cannot be reimbursed Be sure to gas up BEFORE you return the car
For travel to TDY sites that are less than 400 miles in distance, the GOV must be used when available. If the GOV is not available, the traveler should then consider the least costly economy rental vehicle
The traveler must decline insurance coverage within CONUS but accept the coverage when traveling in OCONUS and foreign locations areas.

- Receipts/ Expense claims must be submitted the day after the trip is completed

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 2:09 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thanks!

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 9, 2019 2:08 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Approved for the travel and necessary conference room.

Thank you for correctly setting your priorities.

From:
Sent: Tuesday, July 09, 2019 2:00 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Hi

In connection with the Epstein case (2018R01618), we would like to request permission to travel this week for victim interviews in Palm Beach, Florida. Our agents will be there starting tomorrow, through Sunday, and our current plan is for some combination of our team ( , , and me) to be there from Thursday*** through Sunday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for those four days.

Thanks very much,

***we would never miss the BBQ.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 3:28 PM

EFTA00015590

To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Approved.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2019 2:51 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation (2018R01618), we'd like to please request permission to travel next week for a victim interview in Los Angeles. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Wednesday and return no later than Friday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows). The trip will be some combination of me, [redacted], and/or [redacted], as previously. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel on Thursday for the interview, please.

thanks very much,

From:
Sent: Friday, May 24, 2019 14:57
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Again in connection with the Epstein investigation, we'd like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Wednesday or Thursday (and will keep the timeframe as short as scheduling allows).

Unfortunately we're still trying to pin down timing for interviewing the victims, so depending on the timing it will either be me and [redacted] or [redacted] and [redacted], but we wanted to ask for permission now either way so we weren't doing it super last minute after the holiday on Tuesday. And also same as last time, we'd like to ask permission to reserve a conference room at the hotel for the interviews, please.

thanks very much,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:57
To:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

Thank you

EFTA00015591

From:
Sent: Wednesday, April 03, 2019 20:46
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: travel approval request

Approved

Sent from my iPad

On Apr 3, 2019, at 8:02 PM, [redacted] wrote:

For the same case as below, United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, [redacted] and I would like to please request permission to travel for approximately three days next week for meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach, Florida. As of now we tentatively expect to fly down Tuesday night and return on Friday, though we will shorten the timeframe if scheduling allows.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much.

From:
Sent: Thursday, March 14, 2019 18:32
To:
Cc:
Subject: travel approval request

[redacted] and I would like to please request permission for travel for United States v. Epstein, 2018R01618, an investigation relating to enticement of minors for sexual activity, for two days of meetings and interviews in West Palm Beach and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida. As of now we're hoping to fly down next Wednesday night and return on Saturday.

Please let us know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks as always.

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00015592