EFTA00016001

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: Karas NYSD Chambers &lt;, Bruce Barket

Cc: Aida Leisenring &lt;, Michael Bachrach
&lt;, John Diaz &lt;, (USANYS)" &lt;, " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , "

Subject: RE: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance
Date: Wed, 26 Aug 2020 20:25:52 +0000
Attachments: 2020.08.26_letter_to_KMK_re_MCC_conditions.pdf

Dear Judge Karas,

Attached please find a follow-up letter from the Government in response to the Court's August 21 Order.

Respectfully submitted,

Co-Chief, Narcotics Unit

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Monday, August 24, 2020 8:05 PM
To: Karas NYSD Chambers &lt;, Bruce Barket &lt;, (USANYS) &lt;, " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " ,

From: (USANYS)
Sent: Monday, August 24, 2020 8:05 PM
To: Karas NYSD Chambers &lt;, Bruce Barket &lt;, (USANYS) &lt;, " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " ,

Subject: RE: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

Dear Judge Karas,

Pursuant to the Court's August 21 order, attached please find the Government's letter.

Respectfully submitted,

Co-Chief, Narcotics Unit

From: Karas NYSD Chambers &lt;, (USANYS) &lt;, " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " , " ,

Cc: Aida Leisenring &lt;;&gt;; Michael Bachrach &lt;;&gt;; John Diaz &lt;;&gt;; USANYS &lt;;&gt;; USANYS &lt;;&gt;; USANYS &lt;;&gt;; USANYS

Subject: Re: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

All,

Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas.

-Chambers of Judge Karas

From: Bruce Barket &lt;;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 6:24 PM
To: Karas NYSD Chambers &lt;;&gt;
Subject: FW: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

Good afternoon,

I sent this to [redacted] but wanted to forward here as well. Can you confirm that the judge will see it?

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
www.barketepsstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

From: Bruce Barket
Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 12:50 PM
To: [redacted]
Cc: Aida Leisenring &lt;;&gt;; Tonyricco &lt;;&gt;; Michael Bachrach &lt;;&gt;; Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq &lt;;&gt;; John Diaz ( [redacted])' &lt;;&gt;; USANYS &lt;;&gt;; USANYS &lt;;&gt;; USANYS
Subject: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

I hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that I copied the lawyer for the MCC and the prosecution team as well as firewall counsel. Thank you.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.

EFTA00016002

Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP

^{}[]

www.barketeopstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00016003