From: "_________________________"
To: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)" &lt;_________________________

Subject: RE: Your outstanding work
Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 16:32:59 +0000

Really appreciate the kind words, thank you. And looking forward to the WebEx -- hopefully this afternoon!

---Original Message---

From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) &lt;_________________________

Sent: Monday, July 06, 2020 21:07
To: _____________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Your outstanding work

I think you did a spectacular job, first with Epstein, and now with Maxwell. And from what I could see, the teamwork was excellent.
You have my thanks and admiration.
Let's be sure to schedule the team Webex when you all have time to do it.
Audrey

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Jul 6, 2020, at 5:07 PM, _____________________________________________________________ wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Audrey,
&gt;
&gt; This is now belated -- I confess that even I took a couple days off this past weekend! -- but I wanted to say thank you for the kind words, and to express appreciation for your support of this investigation, not only in the initial Epstein prosecution but through the new angle on Maxwell and follow-up on other individuals as well. Everyone all the way up the chain has really cared about this the whole way through, and it was a team effort to work through the byzantine legal issues, the challenges with various witnesses, and all the other ancillary things that came up along the way. As one of the victim's counsel said to us recently, it has helped to right two wrongs - the initial wrong of what Epstein and Maxwell did, and the secondary wrong of how it was approached by the government the first time around. So, thank you again, and we're looking forward to the next stages.
&gt;
&gt; _____________________________________________________________
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---

&gt; From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) &lt;_________________________

&gt; Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 13:26
&gt;
&gt; To: _____________________________________________________________
&gt; &gt; _____________________________________________________________
&gt; Cc: _____________________________________________________________
&gt;
&gt; Subject: Your outstanding work
&gt;
&gt; Team,
&gt; While I got to stand up and talk about the indictment, it was your dogged and ingenious work that made it possible for this office to bring this very worthy indictment.

EFTA00015204

&gt; We will still look for a time to have a Webex celebration of this milestone.
&gt; Enjoy the holiday weekend.
&gt; Audrey
&gt;
&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00015205