From: " ________________________________________________________________

To: "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" &lt;____________________&gt;

Subject: RE:

Date: Wed, 15 Apr 2020 14:38:16 +0000

From the daily that parts starts at 16:57

---

---Original Message---

From: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt;____________________&gt;

Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 10:29 AM

To: ________________________________________________________________

Subject: Re: ________________________________________________________________

in a recording talked about Maxwell massaging her breasts. Can you find that

&gt; On Apr 15, 2020, at 10:24 AM, _______________________________________________________________ wrote:
&gt;
&gt; In the article version accompanying the daily it is written like this:
&gt; _______________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________
&gt;
&gt; also recalled Ms. Maxwell repeatedly asking whether she wanted a massage. Eventually relenting,
&gt; _______________________________________________________________ followed directions by taking off her clothes and bra and getting under a sheet on a massage table.
&gt; Ms. Maxwell performed the massage, at one point having _______________________________________________________________ lie on her back as Ms. Maxwell pulled
&gt; _______________________________________________________________ down the sheet to massage her chest.
&gt;
&gt; "I don't think there was any reason for her to be touching me that way," _______________________________________________________________ said.
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---

&gt; From: _______________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________

&gt; Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 10:23 AM

&gt; To: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt;____________________&gt;

&gt; Subject: RE:

&gt; From the daily: _______________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________

&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; _______________________________________________________________ then remembers Ghislaine repeatedly asked whether -
&gt;
&gt; _______________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________
&gt;
&gt; Have you ever gotten a massage?
&gt;
&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; - _______________________________________________________________ wanted a massage.
&gt;
&gt; _______________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________
&gt;
&gt; I'm very skilled in massage, right, and so I want to make sure you get a massage.

EFTA00015326

&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; She said that she was very -
&gt;
&gt; She was skilled in massage. Yeah.
&gt;
&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; And she eventually relents.
&gt;
&gt; But I had never had a professional massage before. So I didn't know what really was involved in that. And so she said that I would take off my clothes and lay under the sheet.
&gt;
&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; Ghislaine performs the massage.
&gt;
&gt; She had me, you know, flip over to my back. And then she pulled the sheet down so that my breasts were exposed.
&gt;
&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; And she remembers how Ghislaine then went on to massage her chest.
&gt;
&gt; Like it just - this feels weird. This feels uncomfortable. I don't think this is probably right, but I don't know.
&gt;
&gt; Mike Baker
&gt; And all this time, she's struggling to figure out what's going on. Jeffery Epstein, she says, wasn't participating in the massage. But she has this sense that he's in the area, that the doors are open, it's kind of an open area where she's getting the massage.
&gt;
&gt; I could feel his presence, like, oh, I'm sure he can see me from where he is.
&gt;
&gt;
&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS) &lt;
&gt; Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 10:08 AM
&gt; To:
&gt; Subject:
&gt;
&gt; Can you resend me the quote from NYT about Maxwell massaging her breasts.

EFTA00015327