EFTA00016482

From: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: " " " , " " " )" &lt;&gt;, " " " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " " " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;, " " " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: Time sensitive review of pending productions

Date: Wed, 24 Nov 2021 20:59:27 +0000

Attachments: 2021.11.24_MDC_-_Maxwell_PASSWORD.pdf

Additionally, attached is the letter with the password if it's helpful to include it in the email to [redacted] and [redacted].

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, November 24, 2021 3:18 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;;
Subject: RE: Time sensitive review of pending productions

[redacted] and I sorted out out. All set.

From: [redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, November 24, 2021 3:10 PM
To: [redacted] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;;
Subject: RE: Time sensitive review of pending productions

Hi all,

I've reviewed all of the productions and the two cover letters. So everything is reviewed and ready to go except the index – I just got a time sensitive call. Can someone else look at that?

From: [redacted] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, November 24, 2021 2:59 PM
To: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;; &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &lt; [redacted]; &lt; [redacted] &gt;;
Subject: Time sensitive review of pending productions

Hi all,

If you want to get a production out today (sent on a drive via FedEx to GM), we will need to have it reviewed and ready for me to load by 3:20pm latest (FedEx last pick up is 4pm today).

The TW 3500 production is here: \\Usa.doi.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Trial\3500\1. Testifying\Production 11

NTW 3500 production is here: \\Usa.doi.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Trial\3500\2. Non-Testifying\Production 11

Rule 16 production is here: \\Usa.doi.gov\cloud\NYS\StAndrews\Shared\USvEpstein-2018R01618\Discovery\GM\41 Thirty-Second Production (2021-11-xx)

Cover letters for both and 3500 indices (excel version) are attached. Please let me know as soon as you can if there are any changes you want to make.

Thanks,

Paralegal Specialist
U.S. Attorney's Office | SDNY
1 Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007
Office:
Cell:

EFTA00016483