From: Paul Cassell &lt;&gt;
To: " " )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Victims responding to Epstein
Date: Sun, 14 Jul 2019 20:08:25 +0000
Importance: Normal

Hey

I am drafting our response to Epstein's claim that the victims cannot obtain "rescission" as a remedy. Because my clients would like to avoid interfering with your efforts in any way, would you like to see our draft before it is filed?

In particular, our brief begins with a section arguing that:

THIS CASE MUST BE DECIDED ON THE AGREED PREMISE THAT THE NPA ONLY COVERS THE U.S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA.

It occurs to me it might be useful for your Office to review that section before we file. We file in about one week.

Happy to handle this in any way you see best. Paul Cassell for Jane Doe 1 and 2

Paul G. Cassell
Ronald N. Boyce Presidential Professor of Criminal Law and University Distinguished Professor of Law
S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah

You can access my publications on http://ssrn.com/author=30160

CONFIDENTIAL: This electronic message - along with any/all attachments - is confidential. This message is intended only for the use of the addressee. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not use, disseminate, distribute or copy this communication. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. Professor Cassell is admitted to the Utah State Bar, but not the bars of other states. Any views he expresses in this email are his own.

EFTA00015560