11/26/21, 6:53 PM
Mail - [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) - Outlook

RE: Add to CART for JE evidence review

[REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED]
Mon 7/13/2020 1:19 PM
To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED]
Thank you!

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 12:52 PM
To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt;
Subject: RE: Add to CART for JE evidence review

[REDACTED]
You are all set for access to the Epstein stuff. Let me know if you have any problems.

NYO CART Coordinator
Senior Forensic Examiner
[REDACTED]

From: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 4:36 PM
To: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; &gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) &lt; [REDACTED] &gt; &gt;
Subject: Add to CART for JE evidence review

Hi [REDACTED].

I have yet to receive access to CAIR and need it on Monday. Please inquire.

Thanks,

[REDACTED]

On Jul 8, 2020 12:42 PM, "[REDACTED]," (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] wrote:
Sure. I'll see what's up.

NY CART Coordinator
Senior Forensic Examiner
[REDACTED] cell desk
On Jul 8, 2020 12:41 PM, "[REDACTED]," (NY) (FBI)" &lt; [REDACTED] wrote:
Hey [REDACTED].

Could you add SOS [REDACTED] to CART to review JE evidence items. She has been working with us on this case and I'd like her to have access to help review items.

https://outlook.office365.us/mail/deeplink?popoutv2=1&amp;version=20211025002.13
EFTA00014966

11/26/21, 6:53 PM
Mail - [REDACTED] (NY) (FBI) - Outlook

She had prior CAIR access for previous JOCs but she does not believe it's current. Could you help with this?

Thanks!

Special Agent [REDACTED]
FBI New York Field Office
Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking
C: [REDACTED]

https://outlook.office365.us/mail/deeplink?popoutv2=1&amp;version=20211025002.13
EFTA00014967