From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " )"

Subject: RE: Epstein

Date: Fri, 26 Apr 2019 16:09:13 +0000

Importance: Normal

Phew! Not losing my mind (at least on this one) just yet...thanks for double checking.

---Original Message---

From: ) &lt;

Sent: Friday, April 26, 2019 12:08 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Just spoke with he searched his inbox for notes of calls and sorted out that it's the same person you spoke with, just as you'd thought.

---Original Message---

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, April 26, 2019 11:50 AM

To: ) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt; ;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Sure, I'm in my office.

---Original Message---

From: ) &lt;

Sent: Friday, April 26, 2019 11:49 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt; ;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt; ;

Subject: RE: Epstein

Definitely-- can I swing by just to ask a few questions for clarity on format?

---Original Message---

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, April 26, 2019 11:43 AM

To: ) &lt; ;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt; ; &lt; )

Subject: Re: Epstein

would you be able to do this?

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Apr 26, 2019, at 11:36 AM, &lt; wrote:

&gt; I'm traveling today, back on Sunday so could do it then or otherwise have to defer to &lt; sorry.

EFTA00015889

&gt; Sent from my iPhone

&gt;&gt; On Apr 26, 2019, at 10:35, [REDACTED] (USANYS) [REDACTED] wrote:

&gt;&gt; [REDACTED] is going to meet with Brad Weinshiemer on Monday - can you guys put together an update memo this afternoon on where we are, what we’ve done since the last update memo, and next steps? This just for [REDACTED] for now, not for sending down to DC.

&gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00015890