From: " " " " &gt;

To: Gorenstein NYSD Chambers &lt;

Cc: " " " " &gt;, "

Subject: RE: Application for Search Warrant

Date: Fri, 26 Jun 2020 01:48:19 +0000

Attachments: 1)_Application_&amp;_Affidavit_for_SW_for_all_JE_electronic_devices.pdf

Thank you very much. Attached please find a revised affidavit correcting the error that Judge Gorenstein identified.

I will call the number provided at 9:10am tomorrow with the agent on the line.

Respectfully,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: Gorenstein NYSD Chambers &lt;

Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 7:43 PM

To: " " " " &gt;

Cc: " " " " &gt;

Subject: Re: Application for Search Warrant

Judge Gorenstein has reviewed the warrant materials. Please call him at [redacted] with your agent on the line at 9:10 a.m. If there is no answer, please leave a callback number by voicemail or text and the Judge will respond to you shortly thereafter. If you need a different call-in time, please let us know. Additionally, Judge Gorenstein notes the following: "While it does not affect probable cause, the warrant application in paragraph 4 and Attachment A refers to Epstein being arrested on July 6, "2020." The AUSA may wish to send a new application that provides a correct date."

From: " " " " &gt;

Sent: Thursday, June 25, 2020 4:58 PM

To: Gorenstein NYSD Chambers &lt; [redacted]

Cc: " " " " &gt;, &lt; [redacted] &gt;

Subject: Application for Search Warrant

EFTA00016345

Good afternoon,

Attached for Judge Gorenstein's review please find an application for a search warrant, as well as a proposed warrant. The agent is available to swear out this warrant tomorrow morning whenever would be convenient for the Court. I can be reached on my cellphone at 347-344-8771.

Respectfully submitted,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00016346