EFT A00014326

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: FW: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum

Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2019 18:33:11 +0000

Importance: Normal

We're even able to have the Office open at 8:00 a.m., which I understand is an option not available in some other districts

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 14:30

To: 'Weingarten, Reid' &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Cc: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;; [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum

No problem – didn’t take it as a slight, we all just have various travel and other case obligations in the near-term and want to make sure somebody can be responsive at all times. And that also sounds helpful re: an agenda, we’ll look out for that tomorrow evening and be ready to chat on Monday at 8:00.

thanks,

[Redacted]

From: Weingarten, Reid &lt;[Redacted]

Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 14:17

To: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Cc: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;; [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;

Subject: Re: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum

Apologies to [Redacted] and [Redacted]...was not meant as a slight...assumed you would forward... hopeless on a computer...worse on a blackberry which I am using now...(will make best efforts to cc them on this message)...probably best I send a proposed informal agenda after I meet with the client tomorrow evening so I don’t get out over my skies...reid

Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone.

From: [Redacted]

Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 2:01 PM

To: Weingarten, Reid

Cc: [Redacted];

Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum

Reid,

In our experience it’s rarely a waste of time to talk, and we would be available on Monday morning. And we’ll be in the best position to be able to talk productively if you could give us a general sense of what you’d like to address?

Also, if you could please include [Redacted] and [Redacted] on any communications—I know it’s often convenient to just hit reply but we want to make sure we’re all in the loop since parts of the team will be more and less available at various times if and when you reach out.

thanks,

From: Weingarten, Reid &lt;&gt;
Sent: Saturday, July 13, 2019 12:05
To: &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum

Will be with the client tomorrow evening till about 7...if you will be in your office then don't think it would be a waste of time to talk about the state of play...if not I could stop by Monday morning around 8...reid

Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone.

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, July 12, 2019 5:40 PM
To: &lt;&gt;
Cc: ; 'Martin Weinberg'; Weingarten, Reid; &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: U.S. v. Epstein, 19 Cr. 490 (RMB), Government bail memorandum

To the Chambers of Judge Berman:

With apologies for the delay, attached please find a courtesy copy of the Government's reply in support of its detention memo and in opposition to the defendant's motion for bail, including exhibits, filed this afternoon in the above-captioned case. Defense counsel is copied.

I hope everyone has a good weekend.

Thank you,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00014327