From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: victim travel
Date: Thu, 07 Oct 2021 16:48:00 +0000
Attachments: HVDEOP.pdf
Embedded: RE: E-TICKET_RECEIPT - Travel Date: 26AUG19 - Ref: XHKCBU..msg

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, October 7, 2021 12:42 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: victim travel

Hi -

I have nothing under the name in 2019. I only found airfare in 2019 that I charged to the GTA for .

Thank you!

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, October 7, 2021 9:29 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Subject: Fwd: victim travel

Anything with this case was handled securely.

is on Maternity leave, but maybe she will be able to weigh in on this for you.
Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Date: October 7, 2021 at 9:26:33 AM EDT
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: victim travel

Judge Berman had a heading in Epstein all the travel was paid for by SDNY in August 2019 can you look to see if we paid for and .

Thanks,

EFTA00015132

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 6, 2021 10:44 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;:
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: victim travel

Hi [REDACTED]

As we're preparing our disclosures, we wanted to check with you about two things:

- Did SDNY pay for flights for [REDACTED] for the August 2019 hearing? What about the hotel?
- Did SDNY pay for any travel related expenses for [REDACTED] for the August 2019 hearing? What about the hotel?
- When [REDACTED] travelled here in September 2021, our understanding is that the office paid for her flights. Did the office pay for her hotel? We recall some correspondence about her booking her own hotel but wanted to confirm.

Thanks!

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00015133