From: "DiPiero, Joseph" &lt;&gt;
To: " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt; " &gt;&gt;,
Cc: "Moyne, Parvin" &lt;&gt;, "Benjamin, James" &lt;&gt;, "Moyer, Thomas" &lt;&gt;, "Moyer, Thomas" &lt;&gt;, "Moyer, Thomas" &lt;&gt;,

Subject: Deutsche Bank Production
Date: Fri, 13 Dec 2019 20:18:52 +0000
Attachments: 2019.12.13_-_DB_Submission_to_SDNY.pdf; 2019.12.13_-_Appendix_A.xlsx

On behalf of our client, Deutsche Bank, the link below contains an additional production of documents in response to your July 11, 2019 subpoena. Also attached is the accompanying cover letter for today's production, as well as an updated version of the production index we previously provided. I will send the password shortly under separate cover.

Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.

Regards,
Joey

Production Link:

**Joseph T. DiPiero**
AKIN GUMP STRAUSS HAUER &amp; FELD LLP
2001 K Street N.W. | Washington, DC 20006 | USA | Direct
Fax: +1 202.887.4288 | | akingump.com | Bio

Licensed to practice in West Virginia only and under the supervision of the partners of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer &amp; Feld LLP. Application for admission to the District of Columbia Bar pending.

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

EFTA00016397