From: "_________________________)" &lt;_________________________&gt;
To: "Weinstein, Marc A." &lt;_________________________&gt;, "Tomback, Andrew"
Cc: "_________________________)" &lt;_________________________&gt;, "_________________________"

Subject: RE: Estate call
Date: Wed, 15 Jan 2020 17:40:35 +0000

Marc, Andy,

We wanted to again follow up on the status of our request in December for prior wills and for photographs and videos, and in particular the prior wills, which we had emailed about last week (and Marc mentioned he expected we'd hear back about by last Thursday). Could you please let us know that status, including the volume of responsive materials possessed by your respective clients and when we can expect to receive those materials? And if you expect we will not receive them by this Friday, please let us know why that is.

thank you,

From: Weinstein, Marc A.
Sent: Tuesday, January 07, 2020 20:17
To: _________________________
Cc: Tomback, Andrew ; _________________________ ; _________________________
Subject: Re: Estate call

Should be able to let you know by Thursday.

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner
Co-Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP
_________________________
_________________________
_________________________

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

On Jan 7, 2020, at 7:57 PM, _________________________ &gt; wrote:

CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm.

Understood, thank you. Can you please let us know when you expect to have a response on prior wills in particular?

Understanding that's a much more narrow category than photos and videos.

thanks,

Alex.

From: Weinstein, Marc A. &lt;_________________________
Sent: Tuesday, January 07, 2020 19:45
To: _________________________ &lt;_________________________&gt;
Cc: Tomback, Andrew ; _________________________ &lt;_________________________&gt;, _________________________
Subject: Re: Estate call

We don't think a call is needed tomorrow. We will get back to you on the requests.

Regards,

EFTA00016766

Marc

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner
Co-Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

On Jan 7, 2020, at 6:32 PM, &lt; wrote:

**CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm.**

Marc, Andy,

Did you want to have a call tomorrow? We don't presently have any substantive update on our end, but as usual would be happy to talk if there's anything you think would be helpful to convey to us. Separately, we are also wondering about the status of our request in December for prior wills and for photographs and videos; not sure if that's easier by email or by phone.

Thanks very much,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00016767