EFT A00017765

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Epstein 2018R01618
Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2019 16:47:52 +0000

OK. Crazy

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 12:19 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Epstein 2018R01618
Importance: High

Is this good enough?

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 11:29 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein 2018R01618
Importance: High

What we can do is have the Help Desk manually remove the standard VNS closing paragraphs from the letter for each of the registrants. We cannot remove the closing from the email notices (about five registrants have email addresses). If that is acceptable, let me know and I will follow up with the instructions on how to proceed.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 9:57 AM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein 2018R01618

is there a way to remove the closing paragraph of the VNS notification?

VNS Project Manager | EOUSA | Office of Legal Programs

From:
Sent: Wednesday, August 14, 2019 7:55 AM
To:
Subject: Epstein 2018R01618

The SDNY USA Geoffrey Berman wants a notice to go out with two paragraphs only. The introduction and the added text. He was very specific on what he wants.

I called at VNS help desk and he could not tell me how to manipulate the notification so that it only has two paragraphs the introduction and other.

Can you [REDACTED] and I figure out how to do this. The notice is timely.

[REDACTED]
Victim Witness Coordinator
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York

[REDACTED]
New York, New York 10007
Tel. [REDACTED]

EFTA00017766