10/6/21, 12:54 PM

# Repository Inquiry

To: _________________________
Case No: _________________________

New York State Division of Criminal Justice Services
Alfred E. Smith Building, 80 South Swan St.
Albany, New York 12210. Tel: 1-800-262-DCJS
Michael C. Green, Executive Deputy Commissioner of the NYS Division of Criminal Justice Services

[Identification Summary] [Criminal History] [Job/License] [Wanted] [Missing]

## Attention - Important Information

* See Additional Information at the bottom of this response for more banners pertaining to the criminal history

## Summary Information

EFTA00015095

10/6/21, 12:54 PM

Note: Summary Information may not reflect official actions. DCJS strongly urges the recipient to review the enclosed criminal history record information.

- NYS Criminal History Information

Cycle 1

Arrest/Charge Information

Arrest Date

EFTA00015096

10/6/21, 12:54 PM

- **Other History Related Information** ↑
There is no Other History Related Information associated with this history.

- **Job/License Information** ↑
There is no Job/License Information associated with this history.

- **Wanted Information** ↑
There is no NYS Wanted Information associated with this history.

- **Missing Person Information** ↑
There is no NYS Missing Information associated with this history.

- **Additional Information** ↑
Sentencing - Where an individual is sentenced June 1, 1981 or later on more than one charge within a docket, the sentence may be considered to be concurrent unless identified as consecutive.

Caution: Identification not based on fingerprint comparison. This record was produced as the result of an inquiry.

Multi-Source - Subject has information maintained by other states or in multiple NYS files maintained by the FBI available through the Interstate Identification Index.

WARNING: Release of any of the information presented in this computerized Case History to unauthorized individuals or agencies is prohibited by federal law TITLE 42 USC 3789g(b). This report is to be used for this one specific purpose as described in the Use and Dissemination Agreement your agency has on file with DCJS. Destroy after use and request an updated rap sheet for subsequent needs. All information presented herein is as complete as the data furnished to DCJS.

EFTA00015097

10/6/21, 12:54 PM

4/4
EFTA00015098