To: ghislaine maxwell &lt;&gt;
From:
Subject: see you in new york
Sent: Sat, 7 Feb 2004 15:50:59 -0600

<x-flowed>
hi ghislaine,

it was good to hear from you the other day. i thought i'd fill you in on my situation and see how we can work together.

i am still dancing, pilates-ing and teaching. i am very interested to keep training jeffery as we work well together and i enjoy working with him.

i understand he likes to work with a variety of beautiful, talented young women and i think that training with lots of people can be a very good thing. i understand what i am looking for in other people to train / work with him, and it's quite a tall order, which is why i know that you need some help you find people. they don't come along every day.

i need to use my time effectively; to continue with my dance classes, learning, training and also earning money to pay for it all. if i am looking for girls i will need to go to a wide variety of classes, whereas at the moment i tend to stick to the one's i like. (not necessarily the one's to find suitable girls).

so if you want me to be actively looking, then we will need to reach a financial arrangement as this will be my job. or if you just want me to let you know if i come across someone suitable on my travels, then what will you pay me for this? as i am effectively 'doing myself out of a job'.

i would just like to have a good idea of where i stand, and if i will be getting more work from you, or if you can put me in touch with other people who may want a trainer. or if i can make 'looking for other people' my main source of income.

as i am here properly now, i have bills and rent to pay, i need to find something somewhat stable.

i can be available to travel, but if i am 'on call' i need to know and be paid accordingly.

i have a couple of girls in mind, so let me know what arrangement we will have, and i will do my best to help. i am appreciative of any work you can throw my way.

i look forward to seeing you when you're back in nyc. give my best to rainy england!

love ☐ x

EFTA00014592</x-flowed>

p.s. do you want a lesson?

```

EFTA00014593