EFTA00015715

From: " &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &lt; &gt;, &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; &

Subject: Voucher for Trip 10810414 is late
Date: Fri, 22 Nov 2019 05:05:17 +0000
Importance: Normal

Dear [Redacted]

Your travel voucher for the trip below is now late based on your customer settings. Please submit your voucher for this trip and mark it as Final if you have no additional expenses to claim.

Trip ID: 10810414
Traveler name: [Redacted]
Destination: Santa Monica
Purpose: R20NYS13179 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview
Trip Dates: 2019-11-13 - 2019-11-15
Current status: Authorization Approved

E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only):
https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html

E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password):
https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com

Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.

Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.

Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0013
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.