EFT A00014382

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Tonight’s events
Date: Mon, 22 Jun 2020 12:47:10 +0000

Thank you for this lovely and heartfelt note. It has been a pleasure working with you on some of the Office’s most important cases, which would not have been possible without your tenacity and intelligence. I hope I am able to see you before too long.

On Jun 21, 2020, at 7:13 PM, [redacted] → wrote:

I very much look forward to a time when I can say this to you in person, but in the interim, thank you so, so much for having the fortitude and courage to stand up for what is right for the interests of justice and the Office, both over the course of years and especially in recent days. It obviously is no exaggeration to say that you have made the difference between continuity and consistent principled leadership at SDNY and an entirely unknown alternative. It is truly extraordinary.

More generally, although I’m dismayed that you won’t be physically present for the charging and resolution of so many cases you’ve put your heart and soul into, I am immensely grateful to have worked for you and we are all determined to see through the cases that have been built during your tenure. And in particular, I’m personally so grateful for your support, encouragement, and input on the Epstein case. A different U.S. Attorney might very well have said was too difficult to pursue, or too aggressive to charge, or too old to relitigate – and instead, you have been with us every step of the way. Even in challenging moments, when we all felt the immense pressure of the circumstances, it was always clear that you were focused on the interests of justice and the interests of the victims. In a case that was incredibly tough but even more rewarding, I hope you will take great pride in what the Office accomplished – and what we will continue to attempt to achieve going forward.

And with all our cases, you always prioritized the most important parts of our work and upheld the best traditions of the Office. On a personal note, I remember meeting you in the very first day or two you were on the job, when you walked around the 8th floor on a weekend, introducing yourself and your family and wanting to connect with the AUSAs right away. And you were the exact same up until what ended up being some of the last days, walking around on 8, checking in on the people who came in for the first day of the readiness phase, and talking about the importance of integrating people who wouldn’t be able to be physically present for a while. Very fitting bookends.

I look forward to reunions for many years to come, I hope you and your family stay well given all the current circumstances, and thank you very much for your leadership.

From:
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2020 09:51
To:
Subject: RE: Tonight’s events

I just wanted to briefly add to what I know is an outpouring of support, both within and outside our Office – yesterday's events were unconscionable, and not least because of, and perhaps prompted by, your steadfast integrity and leadership. You have consistently supported and upheld the highest standards of the Office, both substantively for our work and also in terms of our processes and morale (I can't believe it was just Tuesday that we talking about how thorough and effective the SDNY approach has been to COVID). Thank you for standing up for what is right, and for your leadership now and in the future.

From:
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2020 01:04
To:
Subject: Tonight's events

From the bottom of my heart, thank you for your many messages of support and encouragement. They mean the world to me. Please know that my only concern is protecting this Office and your work. It is the privilege of a lifetime to be your U.S. Attorney—and I will do everything in my power to honor the trust you have given me.

EFTA00014383