From:
To:

Subject: RE: Arlan Ettinger
Date: Wed, 09 Oct 2019 19:57:27 +0000

Agreed

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 09, 2019 3:09 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Arlan Ettinger

I thought so too.
Would you please?
Many thanks.

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 2:19 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Arlan Ettinger

A little cheeky, no? We get things like that when it looks like we’ll have a monitor. I’ll check with the team if they anticipate us ever having anything to do with Epstein’s property but I think the response (which could come from me) will be something like, “Thank you for your letter, which has been forwarded to our Office for response. We will file it in the event we have any occasion to follow up on your offer of services.”

From:
Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 2:06 PM
To:
Subject: FW: Arlan Ettinger

What is the right way to handle this? It seems to be an offer by Guernsey’s Auctioneers &amp; Brokers to be retained to handle the disposition of Epstein’s property. I was assigned to respond to this. Please advise.
Thanks

From: &lt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 9, 2019 1:57 PM
To:
Subject: Arlan Ettinger

Good afternoon!

I have been advised to forward you the attached correspondence from Arlan Ettinger, President of Guernsey’s Auctioneers &amp; Brokers. The letter is regarding the property of the late Jeffrey Epstein. As advised by Nathaniel Gamble II from ODAG (see email attached), this has been assigned to USAO-SDNY for handling. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.

EFTA00015288

Thank you very much in advance.

Best,

U.S. Department of Justice
Executive Office for U.S. Attorneys
O:
Pronouns: she/ her/ hers

EFTA00015289