Case 9:10-cv-80447-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 1 of 2

AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

for the

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORID

|  C.L. | )  |
| --- | --- |
|   | )  |
|  Plaintiff | )  |
|   | )  |
|  v. | )  |
|  JEFFREY EPSTEIN | )  |
|   | )  |
|  Defendant | )  |

Civil Action No.

# SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION

To: (Defendant's name and address) JEFFREY EPSTEIN
358 EL BRILLO WAY
PALM BEACH, FL 33480

A lawsuit has been filed against you.

Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, whose name and address are: SPENCER T. KUVIN, ESQ.
LEOPOLD~KUVIN, P.A.
2925 PGA BOULEVARD, SUITE 200
PALM BEACH GARDENS, FL 33410
skuvin@leopoldkuvin.com
T: 561-515-1400 F: 561-515-1401

If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. You also must file your answer or motion with the court.

CLERK OF COURT

Date: 03/31/2010

Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk

Case 9:10-cv-80447-KAM Document 1-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/31/2010 Page 2 of 2

AO 440 (Rev. 12/09) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2)

Civil Action No.

# PROOF OF SERVICE

(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (l))

This summons for (name of individual and title, if any)
_________________________________________________________
was received by me on (date) _________________________.

☐ I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) _________________________ on (date) _________________________ ; or

☐ I left the summons at the individual’s residence or usual place of abode with (name) _________________________, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, on (date) _________________________, and mailed a copy to the individual’s last known address; or

☐ I served the summons on (name of individual) _________________________, who is designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) _________________________ on (date) _________________________ ; or

☐ I returned the summons unexecuted because _________________________ ; or

☐ Other (specify): _________________________

My fees are $ __________ for travel and $ __________ for services, for a total of $ 0.00

I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true.

Date: _________________________

Server’s signature
_________________________________________________________

Printed name and title
_________________________________________________________

Server’s address
_________________________________________________________

Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: