Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 1 of 27
462

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR BROWARD COUNTY, FLORIDA

CASE NO.: CACE 15-000072

BRADLEY J. EDWARDS and PAUL G. CASSELL,
Plaintiffs,
vs.
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ,
Defendant.

VIDEOTAPE CONTINUED DEPOSITION OF
ALAN M. DERSHOWITZ

VOLUME 4
Pages 462 through 647

Tuesday, January 12, 2016
1:05 p.m. - 4:45 p.m.

Tripp Scott
110 Southeast 6th Street
Fort Lauderdale, Florida

Stenographically Reported By:
Kimberly Fontalvo, RPR, CLR
Realtime Systems Administrator

www.phippsreporting.com
(888)811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 2 of 27
471

Virginia Roberts and things that she has said, was
she lying when she said that she has flown on
Jeffrey Epstein's airplane?

MR. INDYKE: Objection. Work product and
common interest.

A. I think I can answer that question. Based
on material that was produced in discovery, which
would not be subject to privilege, there seems to be
evidence that she did fly on the airplane with
Jeffrey Epstein.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Was she lying when she says that she was
flown on Jeffrey Epstein's airplane across state
lines at a time when she was under the age of 18?

A. I have no idea.

MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection.
Work product and attorney-client and common
interest.

A. I have no idea. But, again -- I just have
no idea.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Is there any nonprivileged information
that you could review that would give you an idea to
answer that question or that would give you the
answer to that question?

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 3 of 27
507

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. What we have here --
MR. INDYKE: Attorney-client, work product and common interests.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. What we have here is only the fraction of flights where Dave Rogers was one of the pilots. Can you help us get the flight logs from Larry Visosky, Larry Morrison, any of the flight logs from the helicopters, et cetera?
A. I would love to. It would all show that I wasn't on the plane.
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.
A. I will do everything in my power --
MR. SCOTT: You can make any request you want to through counsel, and we'll take them up.
A. But I will do everything in my power to get you every flight manifest.
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Move forward.
MR. INDYKE: We do not waive any objection.
MR. SCAROLA: And that request has been made.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 4 of 27

508

A. Is that a question?
MR. SCOTT: No. Just Mr. Scarola --
MR. EDWARDS: Just that we made a request for production.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Was Virginia lying when she says that she was taken to Jeffrey Epstein's home in New York while underage?
A. I have no idea.
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Was Virginia lying when she says she was taken to Jeffrey Epstein's ranch in New Mexico while underage?
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.
A. I can tell you this. She's lying when she said she met me at the ranch. So I cannot believe anything she says about the ranch.
BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Was she lying when she says Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein used sex toys on her when she was underage?
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 5 of 27

509

1 instruction.
2 BY MR. EDWARDS:
3 Q. Was she lying when she says Jeffrey
4 Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell made her dress up in
5 outfits for them?
6 MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
7 instruction.
8 A. Well, I can -- but I do have some material
9 outside of the record on that.
10 BY MR. EDWARDS:
11 Q. Okay.
12 A. I know that Sigrid McCawley said that she
13 said that Leslie Wexner made her dress up --
14 MS. McCAWLEY: I am going to object to the
15 extent that you are trying to reveal
16 conversations that were part of a settlement
17 discussion which the judge has already sealed
18 the record on and there is a pending motion for
19 sanctions. And if you're going to start
20 revealing that information, we're going
21 directly to the Judge Lynch.
22 A. I am going to start revealing --
23 SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, I'm going to
24 stop you --
25 THE WITNESS: Let me tell you why.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 6 of 27
510

Because I didn't get that from Sigrid or from David Boise. I got it from Leslie Wexner's lawyer in a totally nonprivileged communication.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let me stop you. I don't believe it's responsive to the question that's pending, so let's move forward.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. My question was, was she lying -- was Virginia Roberts lying when she says Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell made her dress up in outfits for them?

A. I can only say that that allegation has been made regarding Leslie Wexner as well.

Q. It has nothing to do with my question.

MR. SCAROLA: Move to strike.

A. Leslie Wexner's lawyer regards that as a full statement and, therefore, I can only assume that it's a false statement when made about someone else. I think that's relevant.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So with respect to the --

MR. EDWARDS: I'm moving to strike the nonresponsive portion of that answer.

THE WITNESS: He opened the door.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 7 of 27
511

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I do believe it
was nonresponsive in its entirety. Move
forward. Go ahead.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Do you know Jean-Luc Brunel?
A. No.
Q. Have you ever met him?
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
instruction.
A. I have no memory of ever meeting a man by
that name.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Do you know what his role was in Jeffrey
Epstein's life?
A. No.
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
instruction. Mr. Dershowitz, if you would let
me make my objections before you respond.
THE WITNESS: Right.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Was Virginia Roberts lying when she said
Jeffrey Epstein socialized with Bill Clinton during
the relevant time period?
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
instructions.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 8 of 27

512

A. My information is that Virginia Roberts was lying when she said that she saw Bill Clinton on Jeffrey Epstein's island. That's all I can comment about with that. And she's lying about that. And she's lying about how Bill Clinton got to the island.

MR. EDWARDS: I move to strike the Nonresponsive portion of the answer.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, it's relevant to what you asked. Move forward. I'm not going to strike it.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. I'm going to go back to the question until I get an answer, though.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Go ahead.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. That is, when Virginia Roberts said that during the relevant time period, which we defined as 1999 through 2002 --

A. Let's be clear. Around August of both of those years, right?

Q. I think August of '99 through October of 2002.

A. September, I think it is.

Q. Okay. Was she lying -- was Virginia

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 9 of 27

Roberts lying when she said Jeffrey Epstein
socialized with Bill Clinton during that time
period?

A. I don't know.

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
instruction.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. And you have no nonprivileged information
that would provide you the answer to that?

A. I have nonprivileged information that
provides me that they socialized together at some
point. I don't know whether it was within that
timeframe at all. I know they went to Africa
together on a mission of goodwill, but I don't know
the date of that. So I can't tell you whether it
was in the period or outside the period. You may
know that; I don't.

Q. Well, if Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton
associated, but only at some time period either
before or after the relevant time period, it would
immediately disprove her statement that Bill Clinton
and Jeffrey Epstein socialized during that time
period?

A. I don't understand that question.

Q. No?

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 10 of 27
514

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I don't
understand the question either. If you can
rephrase the question, that would be helpful.
MR. EDWARDS: Sure.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. If you -- do you know from nonprivileged
information whether Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton
ever socialized?

A. Yes.

Q. Do you know the beginning -- when their
relationship began?

MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection,
same instruction.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Again, under
nonprivileged.

MR. EDWARDS: Under nonprivileged
information.

MR. SCOTT: Do you have any nonprivileged
information about that?

A. I remember having dinner at the home of
Caroline Kennedy and Ed Schlossberg with President
Clinton, and he basically asked me how Jeffrey was
doing, and led me to believe that he had some
relationship with Jeffrey. I don't remember whether
that dinner -- when that dinner was. I can probably

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 11 of 27

515

find out. But that would be nonprivileged.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Was he still President at the time that conversation was taking place?

A. I don't remember.

Q. Have you ever been, yourself, together with Jeffrey Epstein and Bill Clinton?

A. No.

Q. Have you ever talked to Jeffrey Epstein about Bill Clinton?

MR. INDYKE: Objection. Same objection, same instruction.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Nonprivileged.

MR. EDWARDS: Yeah, nonprivileged.

A. It's hard to sort out the privileged and the nonprivileged.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: So based upon the objection, I would ask that you -- unless it's obvious, then no, until we sort that out.

A. I shouldn't answer that probably.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: I'm going to grant his objection at this point, again, as a continuum because I want to make sure that we preserve this issue for later on.

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 12 of 27
516

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. In a previous -- previously in this deposition, you indicated your representation of Jeffrey Epstein on this subject matter began in 2005, right?

A. It began, I think I said, when the first allegations were. I don't have an exact date in mind.

Q. The relevant time period for Virginia Roberts, as we've defined, is 1999 through 2002.

A. That's correct, yes.

Q. So I'm asking if you know from Jeffrey Epstein, in a time period prior to your representation, whether he was socializing with Bill Clinton.

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.

A. Yes, yes.

MR. SCOTT: As long as it's a nonprivileged situation.

A. He was.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. He was?

A. He was.

Q. So prior --

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 13 of 27
517

1   A. During the whole period of time up through
2   2005, you're saying? Yes.
3   Q. Right.
4   A. Yes, I think this dinner occurred before
5   2005, so I would -- yes.
6   Q. So what did Jeffrey Epstein tell you about
7   his relationship with Bill Clinton?
8   MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
9   instruction.
10  BY MR. EDWARDS:
11  Q. Prior to 2005, obviously.
12  A. That they knew each other and that they
13  were doing some charitable work together.
14  Q. Had Bill Clinton ever been to Jeffrey
15  Epstein's home?
16  A. I'm not aware.
17  MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
18  instruction.
19  BY MR. EDWARDS:
20  Q. What kind of charitable work was Jeffrey
21  Epstein --
22  A. I can tell you Donald Trump has been to
23  Jeffrey Epstein's home, and I've seen him there.
24  Q. Okay. What question do you think that
25  you're answering?

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 14 of 27
518

A. Well, you're asking about general things people --
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Let's move forward.
A. -- so I mean, I gave you an example of one who has been there.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Okay. I'm specifically talking about when -- we started with was Virginia lying when she said that Jeffrey Epstein socialized with Bill Clinton during the relevant time period. And now I'm drilling it.
A. I don't know the answer to that.
Q. Okay. Did you understand -- did Bill Clinton travel with Jeffrey Epstein?
A. My understanding from newspaper --
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.
A. My understanding from newspaper accounts is that they went to Africa together with some other famous people, and I think maybe went to Asia together as well. So the answer is yes, I am aware through nonprivileged sources that they traveled together, yes.
MR. SCOTT: Can we take a break in a few

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 15 of 27

minutes? I would like -- in the afternoon, he
gets a little tired, so I would like to, every
hour or so, take -- an hour and ten minutes,
take a couple-minute break.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You tell me when
is a good --

MR. EDWARDS: Maybe 15 minutes and we'll
switch topics, and we can take a break. Good,
Tom?

MR. SCOTT: Yes.

MR. EDWARDS: Okay.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Was Virginia Roberts lying when she says
she was introduced to Prince Andrew through Jeffrey
Epstein?

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
instruction.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Under
non-privileged information.

A. I have seen a photograph of Prince Andrew
and Virginia Roberts and Ghislaine Maxwell. I have
myself met Prince Andrew. He came to my class at
Harvard Law School and there was a dinner for him,
and he asked about Jeffrey Epstein. We discussed
Jeffrey Epstein.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 16 of 27
520

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. I don't know if this was -- I believe it was attached to the deposition last time.
A. That's the photograph.
MR. SCOTT: I think it was.
MR. SCAROLA: It was.
MR. EDWARDS: I think it was, too.
MR. SCOTT: It was.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. So you're familiar with this photograph?
A. Yes, and I'm also familiar there's no comparable photograph with me in it.
Q. Okay.
MR. SCAROLA: That's not responsive.
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Move forward.
MR. SCAROLA: Move to strike.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. And in this photograph, this is Prince Andrew over here on the left?
A. That's true, yeah.
Q. And this is Virginia Roberts in the middle?
A. I've never seen -- I've never met Ms. Roberts, never seen her.
Q. So are you saying that she is lying when

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 17 of 27
521

she says that's her?

A. No, I just don't -- I've never seen her.

MR. SCOTT: Objection, argumentative.

A. Those are photographs -- I've seen

photographs --

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hang on one

second. Reask -- rephrase the question.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. And who is this over here on the --

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: No, rephrase the

question, the previous question about who the

young lady is next to Prince Andrew.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Sure. Do you know who this lady is in the

middle of this photograph?

A. On the basis of newspaper accounts, it is

reported that she is Virginia Roberts. I wouldn't

be able -- if you had shown me that picture a year

and 16 days ago, I would not have been able to tell

you that that's Virginia Roberts because I didn't

know who she was.

Q. And who is the other person that's in this

photograph?

A. Ghislaine Maxwell.

Q. And that's somebody else that you know,

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 18 of 27
522

correct?

A. I do.

Q. And you know her through Jeffrey Epstein, right?

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.

A. I wrote an article about her father's death years ago, and I don't remember if I met her independently. I do remember meeting her through her -- I remember that the Lady Rothschild asked me to meet Jeffrey Epstein, and when Jeffrey Epstein came to meet me, he was with Ghislaine Maxwell.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. And when was that?

A. The first time I Jeffrey Epstein, which would have been in the summer of Leslie Wexner's 59th birthday. That's all I can tell you is the summer of his 59th birthday because I then flew with Jeffrey Epstein to Leslie Wexner's 59th birthday. I was presented to Leslie Wexner. Leslie would like to get as birthday gifts interesting people that his friends had met during the year, and so I was Jeffrey Epstein's intellectual gift to Leslie Wexner. And it was that year that I met Jeffrey Epstein. That's the best I can date it.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 19 of 27

523

Q. Okay. And Ghislaine Maxwell, you are aware, is involved in litigation with Virginia Roberts right now, correct?

A. She is being sued by Virginia Roberts for defamation, not for the underlying offenses, which are beyond the statute of limitations, as I understand it, correct.

Q. And have you spoken with Ghislaine Maxwell about the allegations against her and her denials?

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.

MR. SCOTT: Don't answer it. It's privileged.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. I'm asking about your conversations with Ghislaine Maxwell, who's in a separate litigation, civil litigation for defamation. Have you personally spoken with Ghislaine Maxwell since these allegations?

A. If there's no objection, I will answer.

MR. INDYKE: There was an objection. Same objection, same instruction.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Is there a joint defense agreement related to the civil allegation -- actions regarding the

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 20 of 27
524

defamation actions that involve Ghislaine Maxwell
and yourself?

MR. INDYKE: Same objection.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: What's the
basis -- can you explain to me what the basis
of the objection is -- and what was the
question?

MR. EDWARDS: Has Mr. Dershowitz spoken
with Ghislaine Maxwell since the allegations --
since this defamation suit came about as well
as the defamation suit with Ghislaine Maxwell.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Let me ask it cleaner. Have you spoken
with Ghislaine Maxwell since January 2015?

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same
instruction.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. So that I'm clear, there is a joint
defense of the allegations regarding Ghislaine
Maxwell that's New York litigation and this
defamation case?

MR. INDYKE: There's a common interest
agreement in effect with respect to the
New York case and a common interest agreement
with respect to this case.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 21 of 27
525

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Okay. Was Virginia Roberts lying when she says that she was taken by Ghislaine Maxwell and --
MR. SCAROLA: Who negotiated the agreement and when?

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. Is there a common interest agreement in existence with respect to the allegations that have arisen since January of 2015 or that you contend covers that?
MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. If there is, who negotiated this agreement?
MR. SCAROLA: Can we have a ruling on propriety?
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: You haven't pushed me, so I let you go.
MR. SCAROLA: Can we have a ruling as to whether we get to know whether Mr. Dershowitz is a party to a common interest agreement with Ghislaine Maxwell?
SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Counsel --
MS. McCAWLEY: Also, just this is Sigrid

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 22 of 27

McCawley, if any of the individuals on the phone are representing Ghislaine Maxwell, my understanding is the person on the phone is representing Jeffrey Epstein, not Ghislaine Maxwell. That needs to be clarified.

MR. INDYKE: Correct. Correct.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: The answer is correct?

MR. INDYKE: With respect to Mr. Epstein, I can tell you there's a common interest agreement with respect to this matter and a common interest agreement with respect to the Ghislaine Maxwell suit in New York.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Is Mr. Dershowitz party to that?

MR. INDYKE: Mr. Dershowitz is party to a common interest agreement with Jeffrey in this case. And I believe -- I'd have to check, but I believe that that would extend --

MR. SCAROLA: We want an answer from the witness as to whether the witness is a party to a common interest agreement with Ghislaine Maxwell.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Then ask the question, because I haven't seen the question

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 23 of 27
527

asked yet.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Are you a party to a common interest agreement with Ghislaine Maxwell?

A. If there's no objection, I'll answer it.

MR. INDYKE: I apologize. I thought we were still operating under the original set of objections. So I will repeat it. Same objection, same instruction.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: With respect to that question, you can answer.

A. My understanding is that I am still Jeffrey Epstein's lawyer. Jeffrey Epstein, I understand, has a common interest or joint defense agreement with Ghislaine Maxwell, so I have -- my understanding is that I am bound by a common agreement.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Is this the same common interest agreement that we were talking about from 2005, or is this a separate common interest agreement that has been signed as a consequence of the lawsuits that have been filed since January 2015?

MR. INDYKE: If this is a new question, I'll assert the same objection and the same

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 24 of 27

528

instruction.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: And I'm going to overrule the objection. And you can answer that.

A. My understanding is that it's a combination; that is, it reflects the previous agreement and that there is a new agreement that supplemented the previous agreement.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. When you say it's your understanding, is this understanding in writing; meaning, is there a written common interest agreement that has been put in place since January of 2015?

A. I don't know.

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.

MR. SCOTT: Can we take a recess when we get a chance?

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Yes, but I'm going to instruct you --

A. I don't know. I don't know the answer to that, whether there's additional writing or not.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Last question, then we take a break. Have you signed any such agreement --

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 25 of 27

529

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instruction.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. -- since January 2015?

A. Since January? Not to my recollection.

MR. EDWARDS: We can take a break.

VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The time is approximately 2:09 p.m.

(Recess was held from 2:09 p.m. until 2:26 p.m.)

VIDEOGRAPHER: Going back on the record. Time is approximately 2:26 p.m.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Going back to the photograph, was Virginia Roberts lying when she says that she was taken to London where this photograph was taken?

A. I have no idea.

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instructions.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Was Virginia Roberts lying when she says that she was paid to have sex with Prince Andrew?

MR. INDYKE: Same objection, same instructions.

A. Can you tell me what age she was when that happened?

www.phippsreporting.com

(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 26 of 27
530

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. The photograph is printed in March of 2001, which is when she's 17, which just means that the photograph was taken sometime before that date. So she was at least as young as 17 is the best that I can tell you.
A. Under the age of consent, that would be an act of prostitution. If she was paid $15,000 to have sex with Prince Andrew at the age of 17 in England, she would be guilty of prostitution.
Q. My question is, was she lying when she says that she was paid to have sex with Prince Andrew?
A. I have no idea.
Q. You have met Prince Andrew, right?
A. I have.
Q. He sat in the back of your classrooms?
MR. SCOTT: Objection, asked and answered twice.
A. Once, yes.

BY MR. EDWARDS:
Q. I think we went to Jeffrey Epstein sitting in your classrooms, but now I'm talking about Prince Andrew sat in your classroom as well, right?
A. Yes, once.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408

Case 1:17-mc-00025-RWS Document 1-4 Filed 06/13/16 Page 27 of 27
531

MR. SCOTT: I thought we went through Andrew before; maybe I'm wrong.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. Have you, since the -- since January of 2015, have you contacted Prince Andrew?

A. No. I got a Christmas card from him.

Q. Have you spoke with him about the allegations that were alleged against Prince Andrew?

A. Not to him, but to -- not to him.

Q. Have you spoke to some representative of his, of Prince Andrew?

A. I need to know whether --

MR. INDYKE: Guy, sorry, I was just cut off for some reason.

SPECIAL MASTER POZZUOLI: Hold on a second. Go ahead and restate your question so -- Darren, can you hear now?

MR. INDYKE: Yes, I can.

BY MR. EDWARDS:

Q. My question is, have you spoken with Prince Andrew or any representative of or for Prince Andrew since January of 2015?

MR. SCOTT: If any of that involved work product on our part, I am instructing you not to answer.

www.phippsreporting.com
(888) 811-3408