Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009
Page 5 of 5 D.C.
ELECTRONIC
Mar. 24, 2009
STEVEN M. LARIMORE
CLERK U.S. DIST. CT.
S.D. OF FLA. - MIAMI

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

# 09-80469-Civ-RYSKAMP/VITUNAC

JANE DOE II
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
and SARAH KELLEN,
Defendants.

CASE NO.:

# COMPLAINT

1. Plaintiff, JANE DOE II, hereby sues JEFFREY EPSTEIN and SARAH KELLEN, and states:

## JURISDICTION AND VENUE

2. This is an action for damages in excess of $75,000, exclusive of interests, costs and attorney's fees.

3. Venue is proper in this Court as all acts occurred in Palm Beach County and all parties reside and/or do business herein.

## PARTIES

4. Ms. DOE II is a natural person residing in Palm Beach County, Florida. During the events giving rise to this claim, she was a minor but has now reached majority. She files this suit under a pseudonym to protect her privacy because the acts alleged occurred while she was a minor.

SCANNED

09-80469-Civ-RYSKAMP-VITUNAC d on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009 Page 2 of 5

5. Defendant EPSTEIN is a natural person, who is an adult, and who resides and/or does business in Palm Beach County, Florida, and who committed the acts alleged within the jurisdiction of Palm Beach County, Florida, within the boundaries of the United States District Court in and for the Southern District of Florida. Defendant KELLEN is a natural person, who is an adult, believed to reside in the State of New York, but who committed the acts alleged within the jurisdiction of Palm Beach County, Florida, within the boundaries of the United States District Court in and for the Southern District of Florida.

6. Defendant EPSTEIN is believed to now be incarcerated in the Palm Beach County Jail for crimes committed that are related to and/or similar to the claims in this case.

## FACTS

7. Defendant EPSTEIN was, at all times relevant to this action, a part time resident of Palm Beach County, Florida. All acts complained of herein occurred at his estate residence in the Town of Palm Beach, Florida.

8. Defendant EPSTEIN has a history of enticing young women, who are minors (under 18 years of age), and soliciting them to engage in prostitution for his own sexual gratification.

9. Defendant EPSTEIN, in agreement with two (2) persons he employed for this purpose, HALEY ROBSON and Defendant KELLEN, conspired with these other two, and others, to solicit young women of the type Defendant EPSTEIN preferred, blonde, attractive in appearance, and younger than 18 years of age, to provide sexual gratification for him by engaging in acts of prostitution.

10. Defendants EPSTEIN and KELLEN entered into a criminal conspiracy to solicit young women for acts of prostitution, including the Plaintiff, here in Palm Beach County.

2 of 5

09-80469-Civ-RYSKAMP-VITUNAC d on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009 Page 3 of 5

11. From about June, 2003 until on or about February, 2005, Defendants EPSTEIN and KELLEN persuaded, induced, or enticed the Plaintiff to come to Defendant EPSTEIN's home and provide Defendant EPSTEIN with "massages" which escalated into sexual encounters between Defendant EPSTEIN and the Plaintiff designed to fulfill his unnatural sexual desires for young women or even younger girls who were minors. These acts included Defendant EPSTEIN's request that he wanted the encounter to be like a "porn video." Defendant EPSTEIN would script lines for the Plaintiff to say, including calling out his name and requesting that he perform a certain sexual act "harder," while he touched the Plaintiff's vagina with a vibrator or with his fingers; alternately, he would masturbate in the presence of the Plaintiff after demanding her to disrobe and walk in front of him in provocative sexual poses. Defendant EPSTEIN would pay the Plaintiff a fee of $200 on each occasion after he ejaculated while masturbating in the presence of the Plaintiff.

12. Defendant EPSTEIN touched Plaintiff's vagina, or penetrated Plaintiff's vagina, using his fingers and/or a vibrator on multiple occasions, during the time that Plaintiff was a minor, causing personal injury to her.

13. In violation of 18 U.S.C. §2422(b), Defendants EPSTEIN and KELLEN knowingly persuaded, induced, or enticed the Plaintiff to engage in acts of prostitution, when the Plaintiff was under the age of 18, approximately on or about the following dates that Plaintiff can document based on payments received: 6/16/03, 7/2/03, 4/9/04, 6/7/04, 7/30/04, 8/30/04, 10/9/04, 10/12/04, 10/30/04 and 11/9/04. In addition, Plaintiff believes that there were as many as 10 to 20 other occasions during this time frame that Defendant EPSTEIN solicited her and procured her to perform prostitution services, all during the time that she was a minor.

3

Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM Document 1 Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009 Page 4 of 5

14. Plaintiff seeks damages for personal injury in accordance with 18 U.S.C. §2255(a) for each of the acts of prostitution set forth above for which Defendants solicited her, $150,000 for each violation, for a total range of damages between $1.5 million dollars to $4.5 million dollars, jointly and severally, and a reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, as permitted by the statute.

15. Defendant EPSTEIN has made an agreement with the United States Attorney’s Office to not contest liability for claims brought exclusively pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §2255, in exchange for avoiding federal prosecution under 18 U.S.C. §2422(b), which provides a sentence of 10 years for each violation of the law.

WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands judgment in her favor, and a jury trial on all issues so triable as of right.

Respectfully submitted,

BY:
ISIDRO M. GARCIA
Florida Bar No. 437883
GARCIA LAW FIRM, P.A.
224 Datura Street, Suite 900
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
Telephone: (561) 832-7732
Telecopier: (561) 832-7137
e-mail: isidrogarcia@bellsouth.net

Date: 3/19/09

09-80469-CIV-RYSKAMP/VITUNAC Entered on FLSD Docket 03/25/2009
Page 1 of 8
D.C.
ELECTRONIC
Mar. 24, 2009
STEVEN M. LARIMORE
CLERK U.S. DIST. CT.
S.D. OF FLA. - MIAMI

JN JS 44 (Rev. 2/08)

# CIVIL COVER SHEET

The JS 44 civil cover sheet and the information contained herein neither replace nor supplement the filing and service of pleadings or other papers as by local rules of court. This form, approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States in September 1974, is required for the use of the Clerk of the civil docket sheet. (SEE INSTRUCTIONS ON THE REVERSE OF THE FORM.) NOTICE: Attorneys MUST Indicate All Re-filed

## I. (a) PLAINTIFFS

JANE DOE II

(b) County of Residence of First Listed Plaintiff **PALM BEACH**
(EXCEPT IN U.S. PLAINTIFF CASES)

(c) Attorney’s (Firm Name, Address, and Telephone Number)
GARCIA LAW FIRM, P.A.
224 DATURA STREETM SUITE 900
WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401

## DEFENDANTS

JEFFREY EPSTEIN AND SARAH KELCIN
County of Residence of First Listed Defendant **PALM BEACH**
(IN U.S. PLAINTIFF CASES ONLY)

NOTE: IN LAND CONDEMNATION CASES, USE THE LOCATION OF THE TRACT LAND INVOLVED.

Attorneys (If Known)
ROBERT D. CRITTON, ESQ.
JACK A. GOLDBERGER, ESQ.

## (d) Check County Where Action Arose

☐ MIAMI - DADE
☐ MONROE
☐ BROWARD
☑ PALM BEACH
☐ MARTIN
☐ ST. LUCIE
☐ INDIAN RIVER
☐ OKEECHOBEE
HIGHLANDS

## II. BASIS OF JURISDICTION (Place an “X” in One Box Only)

☐ 1 U.S. Government Plaintiff
☑ 3 Federal Question (U.S. Government Not a Party)
☐ 2 U.S. Government Defendant
☐ 4 Diversity (Indicate Citizenship of Parties in Item III)

09CV80469
KLR/AEV

## III. CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIES (Place an “X” in One Box for Plaintiff and One Box for Defendant)

|  PTF | DEF | PTF | DEF  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Citizen of This State | ☐ 1 | ☐ 1 | Incorporated or Principal Place of Business In This State  |
|  Citizen of Another State | ☐ 2 | ☐ 2 | Incorporated and Principal Place of Business In Another State  |
|  Citizen or Subject of a Foreign Country | ☐ 3 | ☐ 3 | Foreign Nation  |

## IV. NATURE OF SUIT (Place an “X” in One Box Only)

|  CONTRACT | TORTS |   | FORFEITURE/PENALTY | BANKRUPTCY | OTHER STATUTES  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  ☐ 110 Insurance | PERSONAL INJURY | PERSONAL INJURY | ☐ 610 Agriculture | ☐ 422 Appeal 28 USC 158 | ☐ 400 State Reapportionment  |
|  ☐ 120 Marine | ☐ 310 Airplane | ☐ 362 Personal Injury - Med. Malpractice | ☐ 620 Other Food & Drug | ☐ 423 Withdrawal | ☐ 410 Antitrust  |
|  ☐ 130 Miller Act | ☐ 315 Airplane Product Liability | ☐ 365 Personal Injury - Product Liability | ☐ 625 Drug Related Seizure of Property 21 USC 881 | ☐ 28 USC 157 | ☐ 430 Banks and Banking  |
|  ☐ 140 Negotiable Instrument | ☐ 320 Assault, Libel & Slander | ☐ 368 Asbestos Personal Injury Product Liability | ☐ 630 Liquor Laws | PROPERTY RIGHTS | ☐ 450 Commerce  |
|  ☐ 150 Recovery of Overpayment & Enforcement of Judgment | ☐ 330 Federal Employers' Liability | ☐ 368 Asbestos Personal Injury Product Liability | ☐ 640 R.R. & Truck | ☐ 820 Copyrights | ☐ 460 Deportation  |
|  ☐ 151 Medicare Act | ☐ 340 Marine | PERSONAL PROPERTY | ☐ 650 Airline Regs. | ☐ 830 Patent | ☐ 470 Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations  |
|  ☐ 152 Recovery of Overpayment of Veteran's Benefits | ☐ 345 Marine Product Liability | ☐ 370 Other Fraud | ☐ 660 Occupational Safety/Health | ☐ 840 Trademark | ☐ 480 Consumer Credit  |
|  ☐ 160 Stockholders' Suits | ☐ 350 Motor Vehicle | ☐ 371 Truth in Lending | ☐ 690 Other | SOCIAL SECURITY | ☐ 490 Cable/Sat TV  |
|  ☐ 190 Other Contract | ☐ 355 Motor Vehicle Product Liability | ☐ 380 Other Personal Property Damage | LABOR | ☐ 861 HIA (1395ff) | ☐ 810 Selective Service  |
|  ☐ 195 Contract Product Liability | ☐ 360 Other Personal Injury | ☐ 385 Property Damage Product Liability | ☐ 710 Fair Labor Standards Act | ☐ 862 Black Lung (923) | ☐ 850 Securities/Commodities/Exchange  |
|  ☐ 196 Franchise | ☐ 365 Property Damage Product Liability | ☐ 385 Property Damage Product Liability | ☐ 720 Labor/Mgmt. Relations | ☐ 863 DIWC/DIWW (405(g)) | ☐ 875 Customer Challenge 12 USC 3410  |
|  REAL PROPERTY | CIVIL RIGHTS | PRISONER PETITIONS | ☐ 730 Labor/Mgmt. Reporting & Disclosure Act | ☐ 864 SSID Title XVI | ☐ 890 Other Statutory Actions  |
|  ☐ 210 Land Condemnation | ☐ 441 Voting | ☐ 510 Motions to Vacate Sentence | ☐ 740 Railway Labor Act | ☐ 865 RSI (405(g)) | ☐ 891 Agricultural Acts  |
|  ☐ 220 Foreclosure | ☐ 442 Employment | Habeas Corpus: | ☐ 790 Other Labor Litigation | FEDERAL TAX SUITS | ☐ 892 Economic Stabilization Act  |
|  ☐ 230 Rent Lease & Ejectment | ☐ 443 Housing/Accommodations | ☐ 530 General | ☐ 791 Empl. Ret. Inc. Security Act | ☐ 870 Taxes (U.S. Plaintiff or Defendant) | ☐ 893 Environmental Matters  |
|  ☐ 240 Torts to Land | ☐ 444 Welfare | ☐ 555 Death Penalty | ☐ 791 Empl. Ret. Inc. Security Act | ☐ 871 IRS—Third Party 26 USC 7609 | ☐ 894 Energy Allocation Act  |
|  ☐ 245 Tort Product Liability | ☐ 445 Amer. w/Disabilities Employment | ☐ 550 Mandamus & Other | ☐ 791 Empl. Ret. Inc. Security Act | ☐ 871 IRS—Third Party 26 USC 7609 | ☐ 895 Freedom of Information Act  |
|  ☐ 290 All Other Real Property | ☐ 446 Amer. w/Disabilities Other | ☐ 550 Civil Rights | ☐ 791 Empl. Ret. Inc. Security Act | ☐ 871 IRS—Third Party 26 USC 7609 | ☐ 900 Appeal of Fee Determination Under Equal Access to Justice  |
|  ☐ 290 All Other Real Property | ☐ 440 Other Civil Rights | ☐ 555 Prison Condition | ☐ 791 Empl. Ret. Inc. Security Act | ☐ 871 IRS—Third Party 26 USC 7609 | ☐ 950 Constitutionality of State Statutes  |

## V. ORIGIN (Place an “X” in One Box Only)

☐ 1 Original Proceeding
☑ 2 Removed from State Court
☐ 3 Re-filed- (see VI below)
☐ 4 Reinstated or Reopened
☐ 5 Transferred from another district (specify)
☐ 6 Multidistrict Litigation
☐ 7 Appeal to District Judge from Magistrate Judgment

## VI. RELATED/RE-FILED CASE(S).

a) Re-filed Case ☐ YES ☐ NO
b) Related Cases ☑ YES ☐ NO
(See instructions second page)
JUDGE
DOCKET NUMBER 9:08-cv-8069-kam

## VII. CAUSE OF ACTION

Cite the U.S. Civil Statute under which you are filing and Write a Brief Statement of Cause (Do not cite jurisdictional statutes unless diversity):
18 U.S.C. §2422(b)
LENGTH OF TRIAL vis ______ days estimated (for both sides to try entire case)

## VIII. REQUESTED IN COMPLAINT:

☐ CHECK IF THIS IS A CLASS ACTION UNDER F.R.C.P. 23
DEMAND $
UNDER F.R.C.P. 23
CHECK YES only if demanded in complaint:
JURY DEMAND: ☑ Yes ☐ No

## ABOVE INFORMATION IS TRUE &amp; CORRECT TO THE BEST OF MY KNOWLEDGE

SIGNATURE OF ATTORNEY OF RECORD
DATE
March 19, 2009

FOR OFFICE USE ONLY
AMOUNT 350 RECEIPT # 725609