Case 1:19-cv-10474-NRB Document 3 Filed 11/12/19 Page 1 of 2

AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT

for the

Southern District of New York

MARIA FARMER

Plaintiff(s)

v.

DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN, in their capacities as the executors of the ESTATE OF JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEIN

Defendant(s)

Civil Action No.

# SUMMONS IN A CIVIL ACTION

To: (Defendant's name and address) Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn
c/o Bennet J. Moskowitz, attorney
875 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022

A lawsuit has been filed against you.

Within 21 days after service of this summons on you (not counting the day you received it) — or 60 days if you are the United States or a United States agency, or an officer or employee of the United States described in Fed. R. Civ. P. 12 (a)(2) or (3) — you must serve on the plaintiff an answer to the attached complaint or a motion under Rule 12 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The answer or motion must be served on the plaintiff or plaintiff's attorney, whose name and address are: Joshua Schiller
Boies Schiller Flexner LLP
55 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
(212) 446-2300
jischiller@bsflp.com

If you fail to respond, judgment by default will be entered against you for the relief demanded in the complaint. You also must file your answer or motion with the court.

CLERK OF COURT

Date:

Signature of Clerk or Deputy Clerk

Case 1:19-cv-10474-NRB Document 3 Filed 11/12/19 Page 2 of 2

AO 440 (Rev. 06/12) Summons in a Civil Action (Page 2)

Civil Action No.

# PROOF OF SERVICE

(This section should not be filed with the court unless required by Fed. R. Civ. P. 4 (l))

This summons for (name of individual and title, if any)
was received by me on (date) _______________.

☐ I personally served the summons on the individual at (place) _______________ on (date) _______________; or
☐ I left the summons at the individual’s residence or usual place of abode with (name) _______________, a person of suitable age and discretion who resides there, on (date) _______________, and mailed a copy to the individual’s last known address; or
☐ I served the summons on (name of individual) _______________, who is designated by law to accept service of process on behalf of (name of organization) _______________ on (date) _______________; or
☐ I returned the summons unexecuted because _______________; or
☐ Other (specify): _______________

My fees are $ _______________ for travel and $ _______________ for services, for a total of $ 0.00.

I declare under penalty of perjury that this information is true.

Date: _______________

Server’s signature
Printed name and title

Server’s address
_________________________

Additional information regarding attempted service, etc: