Case 1:19-cv-09610-PAE-DCF Document 5 Filed 10/18/19 Page 1 of 2

JS 44C/SDNY

REV. 06/01/17

# CIVIL COVER SHEET

The JS-44 civil cover sheet and the information contained herein neither replace nor supplement the filing and service of pleadings or other papers as required by law, except as provided by local rules of court. This form, approved by the Judicial Conference of the United States in September 1974, is required for use of the Clerk of Court for the purpose of initiating the civil docket sheet.

PLAINTIFFS

JANE DOE 17

DEFENDANTS

DARREN K. INDYKE AND RICHARD D. KAHN, AS JOINT PERSONAL

REPRESENTATIVES OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, ET AL.

ATTORNEYS (FIRM NAME, ADDRESS, AND TELEPHONE NUMBER

BUZIN LAW, P.C.

111 BROADWAY, SUITE 1204

NEW YORK, NY 10006

ATTORNEYS (IF KNOWN)

Troutman Sanders LLP (NYC)

875 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10022

CAUSE OF ACTION (CITE THE U.S. CIVIL STATUTE UNDER WHICH YOU ARE FILING AND WRITE A BRIEF STATEMENT OF CAUSE)

(DO NOT CITE JURISDICTIONAL STATUTES UNLESS DIVERSITY)

BATTERY, 18 USC ss. 1591, 1592, 1593, 1594, 1595

Has this action, case, or proceeding, or one essentially the same been previously filed in SDNY at any time? No ☐ Yes ☑ Judge Previously Assigned

If yes, was this case Vol. ☐ Invol. ☐ Dismissed. No ☑ Yes ☐ If yes, give date ______________ &amp; Case No. ______________

IS THIS AN INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION CASE?

No ☑ Yes ☐

(PLACE AN [x] IN ONE BOX ONLY)

NATURE OF SUIT

|  CONTRACT |   | PERSONAL INJURY | PERSONAL INJURY
[ ] 367 HEALTHCARE/
PHARMACEUTICAL PERSONAL
INJURY/PRODUCT LIABILITY | FORFEITURE/PENALTY | BANKRUPTCY | OTHER STATUTES  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [ ] 110 | INSURANCE | [ ] 310 AIRPLANE |  | [ ] 625 DRUG RELATED
SEIZURE OF PROPERTY | [ ] 422 APPEAL
28 USC 158 | [ ] 375 FALSE CLAIMS  |
|  [ ] 120 | MARINE | [ ] 315 AIRPLANE PRODUCT |  | 21 USC 681 | [ ] 423 WITHDRAWAL
28 USC 157 | [ ] 376 QUI TAM  |
|  [ ] 130 | MILLER ACT | LIABILITY |  |  |  | [ ] 400 STATE
REAPPORTIONMENT  |
|  [ ] 140 | NEGOTIABLE | [ ] 320 ASSAULT, LIBEL & SLANDER | [ ] 368 ASBESTOS PERSONAL
INJURY PRODUCT LIABILITY | [ ] 690 OTHER |  | [ ] 410 ANTITRUST  |
|  [ ] 150 | INSTRUMENT | [ ] 330 FEDERAL
EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY |  |  |  | [ ] 430 BANKS & BANKING  |
|   | RECOVERY OF |  |  |  |  | [ ] 450 COMMERCE  |
|   | OVERPAYMENT & ENFORCEMENT |  |  |  |  | [ ] 460 DEPORTATION  |
|   | OF JUDGMENT | [ ] 340 MARINE | PERSONAL PROPERTY | [ ] 820 COPYRIGHTS |  | [ ] 470 RACKETEER INFLU-
ENCED & CORRUPT
ORGANIZATION ACT
(RICO)  |
|  [ ] 151 | MEDICARE ACT | [ ] 345 MARINE PRODUCT |  | [ ] 830 PATENT |  |   |
|  [ ] 152 | RECOVERY OF | LIABILITY | [ ] 370 OTHER FRAUD | [ ] 835 PATENT-ABBREVIATED NEW DRUG APPLICATION |  |   |
|   | DEFAULT LIABILITY | [ ] 350 MOTOR VEHICLE | [ ] 371 TRUTH IN LENDING | [ ] 840 TRADEMARK |  |   |
|   | STUDENT LOANS
(EXCL VETERANS) | [ ] 355 MOTOR VEHICLE
PRODUCT LIABILITY |  |  | SOCIAL SECURITY | [ ] 480 CONSUMER CREDIT  |
|  [ ] 153 | RECOVERY OF | [ ] 360 OTHER PERSONAL
INJURY | [ ] 380 OTHER PERSONAL
PROPERTY DAMAGE | LABOR | [ ] 861 HIA (1395ff) | [ ] 850 SECURITIES/
COMMODITIES/
EXCHANGE  |
|   | OVERPAYMENT | [ ] 362 PERSONAL INJURY -
MED MALPRACTICE | [ ] 385 PROPERTY DAMAGE
PRODUCT LIABILITY | [ ] 710 FAIR LABOR
STANDARDS ACT | [ ] 862 BLACK LUNG (923) |   |
|   | OF VETERANS |  |  | [ ] 720 LABOR/MGMT | [ ] 863 DWG/DWW (405(g)) |   |
|   | BENEFITS |  |  | RELATIONS | [ ] 864 SSID TITLE XVI |   |
|  [ ] 160 | STOCKHOLDERS |  |  | [ ] 740 RAILWAY LABOR ACT | [ ] 865 RSI (405(g)) |   |
|   | SUITS |  | PRISONER PETITIONS |  |  |   |
|  [ ] 190 | OTHER |  | [ ] 403 ALIEN DETAINEE | [ ] 751 FAMILY MEDICAL
LEAVE ACT (FMLA) | FEDERAL TAX SUITS | [ ] 891 AGRICULTURAL ACTS  |
|   | CONTRACT |  | [ ] 510 MOTIONS TO
VACATE SENTENCE |  | [ ] 870 TAXES (U.S. Plaintiff or
Defendant) |   |
|   | PRODUCT |  | 28 USC 2255 |  | [ ] 871 IRS-THIRD PARTY |   |
|   | LIABILITY | ACTIONS UNDER STATUTES |  |  | 28 USC 7609 |   |
|  [ ] 196 | FRANCHISE | CIVIL RIGHTS | [ ] 530 HABEAS CORPUS | [ ] 790 OTHER LABOR
LITIGATION |  |   |
|   |  | [ ] 440 OTHER CIVIL RIGHTS
(Non-Prisoner) | [ ] 535 DEATH PENALTY | [ ] 791 EMPL RET INC
SECURITY ACT (ERISA) |  |   |
|  REAL PROPERTY |   | [ ] 441 VOTING |  |  |  |   |
|  [ ] 210 | LAND | [ ] 442 EMPLOYMENT | PRISONER CIVIL RIGHTS | IMMIGRATION |  |   |
|   | CONDEMNATION | [ ] 443 HOUSING/
ACCOMMODATIONS | [ ] 550 CIVIL RIGHTS | [ ] 462 NATURALIZATION
APPLICATION |  |   |
|  [ ] 220 | FORECLOSURE | [ ] 445 AMERICANS WITH
DISABILITIES -
EMPLOYMENT | [ ] 555 PRISON CONDITION | [ ] 465 OTHER IMMIGRATION
ACTIONS |  |   |
|  [ ] 230 | RENT LEASE &
EJECTMENT |  | [ ] 560 CIVIL DETAINEE
CONDITIONS OF CONFINEMENT |  |  |   |
|  [ ] 240 | TORTS TO LAND | [ ] 448 AMERICANS WITH
DISABILITIES - OTHER |  |  |  |   |
|  [ ] 245 | TORT PRODUCT
LIABILITY |  |  |  |  |   |
|  [ ] 290 | ALL OTHER
REAL PROPERTY | [ ] 448 EDUCATION |  |  |  |   |

Check if demanded in complaint:

☐ CHECK IF THIS IS A CLASS ACTION UNDER F.R.C.P. 23

DEMAND $ ______________ OTHER ______________

DO YOU CLAIM THIS CASE IS RELATED TO A CIVIL CASE NOW PENDING IN S.D.N.Y. AS DEFINED BY LOCAL RULE FOR DIVISION OF BUSINESS 13?

IF SO, STATE:

JUDGE ______________ DOCKET NUMBER ______________

Check YES only if demanded in complaint

JURY DEMAND: ☑ YES ☐ NO

NOTE: You must also submit at the time of filing the Statement of Relatedness form (Form IH-32).

Case 1:19-cv-09610-PAE-DCF Document 5 Filed 10/18/19 Page 2 of 2

(PLACE AN x IN ONE BOX ONLY)

☑ 1 Original Proceeding
☐ 2 Removed from State Court
☐ 3 Remanded from Appellate Court
☐ 4 Reinstated or Reopened
☐ 5 Transferred from (Specify District)
☐ 6 Multidistrict Litigation (Transferred)
☐ 7 Appeal to District Judge from Magistrate Judge
☐ 8 Multidistrict Litigation (Direct File)

a. all parties represented
☐ b. At least one party is pro se.

(PLACE AN x IN ONE BOX ONLY)

☐ 1 U.S. PLAINTIFF
☐ 2 U.S. DEFENDANT
☑ 3 FEDERAL QUESTION (U.S. NOT A PARTY)
☐ 4 DIVERSITY

IF DIVERSITY, INDICATE CITIZENSHIP BELOW.

CITIZENSHIP OF PRINCIPAL PARTIES (FOR DIVERSITY CASES ONLY)

(Place an [X] in one box for Plaintiff and one box for Defendant)

|  CITIZEN OF THIS STATE | PTF [ ]1 | DEF [ ]1 | CITIZEN OR SUBJECT OF A FOREIGN COUNTRY | PTF DEF [ ]3 [x]3 | INCORPORATED and PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN ANOTHER STATE | PTF [ ]5 | DEF [ ]5  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  CITIZEN OF ANOTHER STATE | [x]2 | [ ]2 | INCORPORATED or PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THIS STATE | [ ]4 [ ]4 | FOREIGN NATION | [ ]6 | [ ]6  |

PLAINTIFF(S) ADDRESS(ES) AND COUNTY(IES)
JANE DOE 17
FLORIDA

DEFENDANT(S) ADDRESS(ES) AND COUNTY(IES)
Darren K. Indyke, 575 Lexington Ave., 4th Floor, New York, NY 10022
Richard D. Kahn, 919 Third Ave, New York, NY 10022
Nine East 71st Street Corporation, c/o Darren K. Indyke, Esq. (see above)
HBRK Associates, Inc., 1365 York Avenue, Apartment 28, New York, NY 10021

DEFENDANT(S) ADDRESS UNKNOWN

REPRESENTATION IS HEREBY MADE THAT, AT THIS TIME, I HAVE BEEN UNABLE, WITH REASONABLE DILIGENCE, TO ASCERTAIN THE RESIDENCE ADDRESSES OF THE FOLLOWING DEFENDANTS:
Laurel, Inc., Financial Trust Company, Inc., NES, LLC, Maple, Inc, LSJE, LLC, Nautilus, Inc., Cypress, Inc., JEGE, Inc.

COURTHOUSE ASSIGNMENT

I hereby certify that this case should be assigned to the courthouse indicated below pursuant to Local Rule for Division of Business 18, 20 or 21.

Check one:
THIS ACTION SHOULD BE ASSIGNED TO:
☐ WHITE PLAINS
☑ MANHATTAN

DATE 10/17/2019
SIGNATURE OF ATTORNEY OF RECORD

RECEIPT #

ADMITTED TO PRACTICE IN THIS DISTRICT
☐ NO
☑ YES (DATE ADMITTED Mo.11 Yr.2007)
Attorney Bar Code #4453890

Magistrate Judge is to be designated by the Clerk of the Court.

Magistrate Judge _______________________________ is so Designated.

Ruby J. Krajick, Clerk of Court by ______________ Deputy Clerk, DATED ______________.

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT (NEW YORK SOUTHERN)