Case 1:19-cr-00830-AT Document 7 Filed 11/19/19 Page 1 of 1

DOCKET No. 19 Cr 830 (AT) DEFENDANT Michael Thomas

AUSA Nicolas Roos DEF.'S COUNSEL Montel Figgins
☐ INTERPRETER NEEDED ☑ RETAINED ☐ FEDERAL DEFENDERS ☐ CJA ☐ PRESENTMENT ONLY
☐ DEFENDANT WAIVES PRETRIAL REPORT

☐ Rule 5 ☐ Rule 9 ☐ Rule 5(c)(3) ☐ Detention Hrg. DATE OF ARREST 11/19/2019 ☑ VOL. SURR.
☐ Other: TIME OF ARREST ☐ ON WRIT
TIME OF PRESENTMENT

# BAIL DISPOSITION

☐ DETENTION ON CONSENT W/O PREJUDICE ☐ DETENTION: RISK OF FLIGHT/DANGER ☐ SEE SEP. ORDER
☐ DETENTION HEARING SCHEDULED FOR:
☐ AGREED CONDITIONS OF RELEASE
☐ DEF. RELEASED ON OWN RECOGNIZANCE
☑ $100,000 PRB ☑ 2 FRP
☐ SECURED BY $ CASH/PROPERTY:
☑ TRAVEL RESTRICTED TO SDNY/EDNY/District of New Jersey
☐ TEMPORARY ADDITIONAL TRAVEL UPON CONSENT OF AUSA &amp; APPROVAL OF PRETRIAL SERVICES
☑ SURRENDER TRAVEL DOCUMENTS (&amp; NO NEW APPLICATIONS)
☑ PRETRIAL SUPERVISION: ☐ REGULAR ☐ STRICT ☑ AS DIRECTED BY PRETRIAL SERVICES
☐ DRUG TESTING/TREATMT AS DIRECTED BY PTS ☐ MENTAL HEALTH EVAL/TREATMT AS DIRECTED BY PTS
☐ DEF. TO SUBMIT TO URINALYSIS; IF POSITIVE, ADD CONDITION OF DRUG TESTING/TREATMENT
☐ HOME INCARCERATION ☐ HOME DETENTION ☐ CURFEW ☐ ELECTRONIC MONITORING ☐ GPS
☐ DEF. TO PAY ALL OF PART OF COST OF LOCATION MONITORING, AS DETERMINED BY PRETRIAL SERVICES
☐ DEF. TO CONTINUE OR SEEK EMPLOYMENT [OR] ☐ DEF. TO CONTINUE OR START EDUCATION PROGRAM
☑ DEF. NOT TO POSSESS FIREARM/DESTRUCTIVE DEVICE/OTHER WEAPON
☐ DEF. TO BE DETAINED UNTIL ALL CONDITIONS ARE MET
☐ DEF. TO BE RELEASED ON OWN SIGNATURE, PLUS THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS: ; REMAINING CONDITIONS TO BE MET BY: 11/24/19

ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS/ADDITIONAL PROCEEDINGS/COMMENTS:

No excessive use of alcohol.
No contract with co-defendant unless in the
presence of counsel.

☑ DEF. ARRAIGNED; PLEADS NOT GUILTY ☑ CONFERENCE BEFORE D.J. ON 11/25/2019
☐ DEF. WAIVES INDICTMENT
☑ SPEEDY TRIAL TIME EXCLUDED UNDER 18 U.S.C. § 3161(h)(7) UNTIL 11/25/2019

For Rule 5(c)(3) Cases:
☐ IDENTITY HEARING WAIVED ☐ DEFENDANT TO BE REMOVED
☐ PRELIMINARY HEARING IN SDNY WAIVED ☐ CONTROL DATE FOR REMOVAL:

PRELIMINARY HEARING DATE: 12/19/2019 ☐ ON DEFENDANT'S CONSENT

DATE: 11/19/2019

WHITE (original) – COURT FILE
Rev'd 2016
PINK – U.S. ATTORNEY'S OFFICE
UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE, S.D.N.Y.
YELLOW – U.S. MARSHAL
GREEN – PRETRIAL SERVICES AGENCY