Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM Document 9 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/22/2008 Page 1 of 2

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
# SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

CASE NO.: 08-80069-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 1, by and through
JANE DOE’s FATHER as parent and natural guardian, and JANE DOE’s FATHER, and
JANE DOE’s STEPMOTHER, individually,

Plaintiffs,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,

Defendant.

# NOTICE OF VOLUNTARY DISMISSAL WITHOUT PREJUDICE

Plaintiffs, Jane Doe No. 1 by and through Jane Doe’s Father as parent and natural guardian, and Jane Doe’s Father, and Jane Doe’s Stepmother, individually, hereby give notice of their voluntary dismissal of this action against all Defendant Jeffrey Epstein without prejudice pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 41(1)(A).

Dated: February 22, 2008

Respectfully submitted,

By: s/ Jeffrey M. Herman

Jeffrey M. Herman (FL Bar No. 521647)
jherman@hermanlaw.com

Stuart S. Mermelstein (FL Bar No. 947245)
smermelstein@hermanlaw.com

Adam D. Horowitz (FL Bar No. 376980)
ahorowitz@hermanlaw.com

HERMAN &amp; MERMELSTEIN, P.A.
Attorneys for Plaintiffs Jane Doe et al.
18205 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 2218
Miami, Florida 33160
Tel: 305-931-2200
Fax: 305-931-0877

HERMAN &amp; MERMELSTEIN, P. A.
www.hermanlaw.com

Case 9:08-cv-80069-KAM Document 9 Entered on FLSD Docket 02/22/2008 Page 2 of 2

# CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

I hereby certify that on February 22, 2008, I electronically filed the foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this day on the following, via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF:

Theodore Jon Leopold
tleopold@riccilaw.com

and by mail to:

Jeffrey Epstein
9 East 71st Street
New York, NY 10021

/s/ Jeffrey M. Herman

HERMAN &amp; MERMELSTEIN, P. A.
www.hermanlaw.com