4050

IN THE CRIMINAL DIVISION OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA. IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY

CASE NO. 08-CF-9381-AMBS DIV. W

OBTS NUMBER 2008CF9381AXY

STATE OF FLORIDA

COMMUNITY CONTROL VIOLATOR

CFN 20080267252

OR BK 22760 PG 0565

RECORDED 07/17/2008 08:06:42

Palm Beach County, Florida

Sharon R. Bock, CLERK &amp; COMPTROLLER

Pg 0565; (1pg)

PROBATION VIOLATOR

Jeffrey E. Epstein

DEFENDANT

1/20/53

DATE OF BIRTH

RACE

GENDER

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

# JUDGMENT

The above Defendant, being personally before this Court represented by J. Goldberg (attorney)

|  [ ] Having been tried and found guilty of the following crime(s): | [X] Having entered a plea of guilty to the following crime(s): | [ ] Having entered a plea of nolo contendere to the following crime(s):  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  COUNT
1 | CRIME
Procuring Person Under
18 for Prostitution | OFFENSE STATUTE NUMBER(S)
796.03 | DEGREE
20F  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

[ X ] and no cause having been shown why the Defendant should not be adjudicated guilty, IT IS ORDERED THAT the Defendant is hereby ADJUDICATED GUILTY of the above crime(s).

[ ] and having been convicted or found guilty of, or having entered a plea of nolo contendere or guilty, regardless of adjudication, to attempts or offenses relating to sexual battery (ch. 794), lewd and lascivious conduct (ch. 800), or murder (s. 782.04), aggravated battery (s. 784.045), burglary (s. 810.02), carjacking (s. 812.133), or home invasion robbery (s. 812.135), or any other offense specified in section 943.325, the defendant shall be required to submit blood specimens.

[ ] and good cause being shown: IT IS ORDERED THAT ADJUDICATION OF GUILT BE WITHHELD JUN 30 2008

SENTENCE STAYED

[ ] The Court hereby stays and withholds imposition of sentence as to count(s) and places the Defendant on

[ ] Probation and/or [ ] Community Control under the supervision of the Dept. of Corrections (conditions of probation set forth in separate order).

SENTENCE DEFERRED

[ ] The Court hereby defers imposition of sentence until _______________.

The Defendant in Open Court was advised of his right to appeal from the Judgment by filing notice of appeal with the Clerk of Court within thirty days following the date sentence is imposed or probation is ordered pursuant to this adjudication. The defendant was also advised of his right to the assistance of counsel in taking said appeal at the expense of the State upon showing of indigency.

DONE AND ORDERED in Open Court at Palm Beach County, Florida, this 30 day of June 2008

2008

W. B. Dole

CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE

JUL 07 2008