Case 1:19-cv-10788-GHW-DCF Document 11 Filed 12/05/2019

Troutman Sanders LLP
875 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022

troutman.com

DOCKETED

Filed 12/05/2019 DEPARTMENT OF THE
DOCUMENT
ELECTRONICALLY FILED
DOC #:
DATE FILED: 12/5/2019

Bennet J. Moskowitz
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com

MEMORANDUM ENDORSED

December 4, 2019

ECF

Hon. Gregory H. Woods
Daniel Patrick Moynihan
United States Courthouse
500 Pearl St.
New York, NY 10007-1312

Re: Teala Davies v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, 1:19-cv-10788 (GHW) (DCF)

Dear Judge Woods:

We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (together, "Defendants"), in the referenced action. We write to respectfully request the Court's approval of the parties' agreement that Defendants have through January 20, 2020 to answer, move or otherwise respond to Plaintiff's Complaint (ECF No. 1).

There have been no prior requests for adjournments or extensions in this action. The parties have also agreed to proceed with a Rule 26(f) conference on January 7, 2020 at 10AM.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Respectfully submitted,

s/Bennet J. Moskowitz
Bennet J. Moskowitz

The Court has referred this case to Magistrate Judge Freeman for general pretrial matters. Dkt No. 9. Accordingly, requests for extensions of time should be addressed to Judge Freeman.

The Clerk of Court is directed to terminate the motion pending at Dkt No. 10.

SO ORDERED.

Dated: December 5, 2019
New York, New York

GREGORY H. WOODS
United States District Judge