IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA

# SENTENCE

## (As to Count(s) 1)

Defendant: Jeffrey Epstein
Case Number: 2008CF9381AXX
OBTS Number:

The Defendant, being personally before this Court, accompanied by the defendant’s attorney of record, J. Goldberger, and having been adjudicated guilty herein, and the Court having given the Defendant an opportunity to be heard and to offer matters in mitigation of sentence, and to show cause why defendant should not be sentenced as provided by law, and no cause being shown,

## IT IS THE SENTENCE OF THE COURT that:

The Defendant pay a fine of $ ________ pursuant to § ________, Florida Statutes, plus all costs and additional charges as outlined in the Order assessing additional charges, costs and fines as set forth in a separate order entered herein.

The Defendant is hereby committed to the custody of the
☐ Department of Corrections
☑ Sheriff of Palm Beach County, Florida
☐ Department of Corrections as a youthful offender

for a term of 6 mos. It is further ordered that the Defendant shall be allowed a total of 1 days as credit for time incarcerated prior to imposition of this sentence. It is further ordered that the composite term of all sentences imposed for the counts specified in the order shall run 10 consecutive to [ ] concurrent with (check one) the following:
☐ Any active sentence being served.
☑ Specific sentences: 2006CF9454AXX  JUN 30 2008

In the event the above sentence is to the Department of Corrections, the Sheriff of Palm Beach County, Florida is hereby ordered and directed to deliver the Defendant to the Department of Corrections together with a copy of the Judgment and Sentence, and any other documents specified by Florida Statute. Additionally, pursuant to §947.16(4), Florida Statutes, the Court retains jurisdiction over the Defendant.

☐ Pursuant to §§322.055, 322.056, 322.26, 322.274, Fla. Stat., the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles is directed to revoke the Defendant's privilege to drive. The Clerk of the Court is Ordered to report the conviction and revocation to the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.

The defendant in Open Court was advised of the right to appeal from this Sentence by filing notice of appeal within thirty days from this date with the Clerk of the Court. The Defendant was also advised of the right to the assistance of counsel in taking said appeal at the expense of the State upon showing of indigency.

DONE AND ORDERED in Open Court at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 30 day of June, 2008.

Form Circuit 5 (rev 8/2000)

CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE
JUL 07 2008
Form 007