Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD Document 12 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/03/2010 Page 1 of 2

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD

M.J.,
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN and
SARAH KELLEN,
Defendant.

# NOTICE OF FILING SUPPLEMENTAL AFFIDAVIT

Defendant Jeffrey Epstein, hereby files the Supplemental Affidavit of Richard Barnett (Exhibit A) in support of its Motion of Defendant Jeffrey Epstein to Quash Service of Process and Supporting Memorandum of Law (D.E. 7).

Respectfully submitted,

s/Lilly Ann Sanchez
Christopher E. Knight
Fla. Bar No. 607363
cknight@fowler-white.com
Lilly Ann Sanchez
Fla. Bar No. 195677
lsanchez@fowler-white.com
Helaine S. Goodner
Fla. Bar No. 462111
hgoodner@fowler-white.com

FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A.
Espirito Santo Plaza, 14th Floor
1395 Brickell Avenue
Miami, Florida 33131-3302
Telephone: (305) 789-9200
Facsimile: (305) 789-9201
Counsel for Defendant Jeffrey Epstein

FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • ESPERITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKELL AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200

Case 9:10-cv-81111-WPD Document 12 Entered on FLSD Docket 11/03/2010 Page 2 of 2

Case No. 9:10-cv-81111-WPD

## CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

I hereby certify that on November 3, 2010, I electronically filed the foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. I also certify that the foregoing document is being served this day on all counsel of record or pro se parties identified on the attached Service List in the manner specified, either via transmission of Notices of Electronic Filing generated by CM/ECF or in some other authorized manner for those counsel or parties who are not authorized to receive electronically Notices of Electronic Filing.

s/Lilly Ann Sanchez
Lilly Ann Sanchez
lsanchez@fowler-white.com

## SERVICE LIST

M.J. v. Epstein
United States District Court, Southern District of Florida

Bradley J. Edwards
brad@pathtojustice.com
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards
Fistos &amp; Lehrman, PL
425 North Andrews Avenue, Suite 2
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301
Telephone: (954) 524-2820
Facsimile: (954) 524-2822
Attorneys for Plaintiff M.J.
Served via CM/ECF

FOWLER WHITE BURNETT P.A. • ESPIRITO SANTO PLAZA, 1395 BRICKELL AVENUE, 14TH FLOOR, MIAMI, FLORIDA 33131-3302 • (305) 789-9200