Case 8:02-cv-8011b-WAQ Document 2581 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/31/2009 Page 1 of 5

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

JANE DOE NO. 2,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 3,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 4,
Plaintiff,
vs. JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 5,
Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON

Case 8:b2-ev-8b11b-WAQ Document 2581 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/11/2009 Page 2 of 5

Defendant.

JANE DOE NO. 6,
CASE NO.: 08-80994-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

JANE DOE NO. 7,
CASE NO.: 08-80993-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

C.M.A.,
CASE NO.: 08-80811-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

JANE DOE,
CASE NO.: 08-80893-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al,

Case 8:02-ev-8b11b-WAW Document 2581 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/11/2009 Page 3 of 5

Defendants.
_________________________________________________________

DOE II,
CASE NO.: 09-80469-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al,
Defendants.
_________________________________________________________

JANE DOE NO. 101,
CASE NO.: 09-80591-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.
_________________________________________________________

JANE DOE NO. 102
CASE NO.: 09-80656-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON
Plaintiff,

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.
_________________________________________________________

# ORDER

THIS CAUSE is before the Court upon Plaintiffs Jane Doe. No 101 and 102's Motion for No-Contact Order (DE 113) and Plaintiffs Jane Does' 2-7 Notice of Joinder in Plaintiffs' Motion (DE 145). The Court has reviewed the motions, responses, and replies (DE's 113, 127, 136, 145,

Case 8:b2-ev-8b11b-WAQ Document 2581 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/11/2009 Page 4 of 5

233), and is otherwise fully advised in the premises. Plaintiffs seek a Court order prohibiting Defendant or his agents from communicating with Plaintiffs directly or indirectly. Defendant. Defendant opposes the request as “needless, unwarranted and excessive.” (DE 127 at 5). Nonetheless, Defendant states in his response that “neither Mr. Epstein nor his attorneys, nor their agents intend to have any direct or indirect contact with Plaintiffs counsels’ clients.” (DE 127 at 4).

The Court notes that Defendant is already under court order not to have direct or indirect contact with any victims. See Transcript of Plea Conference at 20. During the course of Defendant’s state plea conference of June 30, 2009, Palm Beach Circuit Court Judge Deborah Dale Pucillio explicitly instructed Defendant as follows:

Court: Okay. D is, you shall not have any contact with the victim, are there more than one victim?

Ms. Belohlavek: There’s several.

Court: Several, all of the victims. So this should be plural. I’m making that plural. You are not to have any contact direct or indirect, and in this day and age I find it necessary to go over exactly what we mean by indirect. By indirect, we mean no text messages, no e-mail, no Face Book, no My Space, no telephone calls, no voice mails, no messages through carrier pigeon, no messages through third parties, no hey would you tell so and so for me, no having a friend, acquaintance or stranger approach any of these victims with a message of any sort from you, is that clear?

Defendant: Yes, ma’am.

Id. at 20-21.

In light of Defendant’s response to Plaintiffs’ motion for no contact order, suggesting that the state court’s order only applies to some victims and that parties are always allowed to contact each other directly, the Court finds it necessary to state clearly that Defendant is under this

Case 8:00-ev-8b11b-WAM Document 2581 Entered on FLSD Docket 01/11/2009 Page 5 of 5

court’s order not to have direct or indirect contact with any plaintiffs, regardless of the intended scope of the state court’s order. Accordingly, it is hereby

ORDERED AND ADJUDGED as follows: Plaintiffs Jane Doe. No 101 and 102's Motion for No-Contact Order (DE 113) is GRANTED. Defendant is hereby prohibited from communicating with all plaintiffs directly or indirectly¹, either personally or through agents, except that Defendant may communicate with plaintiffs only through plaintiffs’ attorneys of record, for the duration of this Order.

DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 31st day of July, 2009

KENNETH A. MARRA
United States District Judge

Copies furnished to:
all counsel of record

¹See infra, excerpt of Transcript of Plea Conference at 20-21, for examples of indirect contact.