EFFECTIVE JULY 1, 2007

4050

IN THE COUNTY COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, CRIMINAL DIVISION, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA.

CASE NO: 2008 CF 9381 XXX

STATE OF FLORIDA

VS.

Defendant: Jeff Rey Epstein

Social Security No.: 1-20-53

Date of Birth:

# RECORDER'S SPACE

## ORDER ASSESSING ADDITIONAL CHARGES, COSTS AND FINES AND ENTERING JUDGMENT (IF INDICATED)

The Defendant is hereby ordered to Pay and a judgment is hereby entered on behalf of Palm Beach County, Palm Beach County Administrative Complex, Palm Beach County, Florida 33401 and the State of Florida, Florida Department of Financial Services, Tallahassee, Florida 32399 in the following sums as indicated:

### INITIAL IF WAIVED

1. $ __________
2. $ __________
3. $ __________
4. $ 50.00
5. $ 3.00
6. $ 50.00
7. $ 2.00

8. $ 200.00
9. $ 65.00
10. $ 3.00
11. $ 50.00
12. $ 150.00
13. $ __________
14. $ 50
15. $ __________
16. $ __________
17. $ __________
18. $ __________
19. $ __________
20. $ 50
21. $ __________
22. $ __________

Total: $ 473

Payment of charges, costs, and fines are:

☑ a condition of probation
to be paid IN FULL TODAY; Defendant to proceed immediately to the Clerk and Comptroller's Office to pay the full amount due. If payment is not made today, then LET EXECUTION ISSUE and this Judgment shall bear interest at the rate prescribed by law until satisfied.

☐ due immediately; hence, FOR WHICH LET EXECUTION ISSUE. This Judgment shall bear interest at the rate prescribed by law until satisfied.

☐ due within ______ days/months/year and is to be paid through the Clerk and Comptroller's Office pursuant to a COLLECTIONS AGREEMENT established TODAY.

$ ______ will be paid today to the Clerk and Comptroller's Office as a down payment on the collections agreement. If the Collection Agreement is not established today, then LET EXECUTION ISSUE and this Judgment shall bear interest at the rate prescribed by law until satisfied.

☐ to be paid by the Defendant performing: (circle one) community service or AA/NA meetings, at a rate of $ ______ /per hour/meeting, due within ______ days/months/years in lieu of actual payment.

FAILURE TO PAY YOUR FINES AND COURT COSTS WILL RESULT IN YOUR DRIVER'S LICENSE BEING SUSPENDED AND/OR A JUDGMENT BEING ENTERED AGAINST YOU AND/OR YOUR DELINQUENT ACCOUNT BEING REFERRED TO A COLLECTION AGENCY AND/OR A WARRANT BEING ISSUED FOR YOUR ARREST.

DONE AND ORDERED in Oath Court in Palm Beach County, Florida.

this 30 day of July 2008

CIRCUIT JUDGE

cc: GOLD: State Attorney

YELLOW: Probation

BLUE: Administrative Office of the Court

PINK: Defense Counsel

GREEN: Defendant

Form Circuit (Rev 7/2007)

Form 004-D