Case 9:08-cv-80804-KAM Document 20 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/05/2008 Page 1 of 2

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

NO. 08-80804-CIV-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE, a/k/a
JANE DOE #1,

Plaintiff,

v.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN, HALEY ROBSON,
and SARAH KELLEN,

Defendants.

# ORDER

THIS CAUSE comes before the Court on Plaintiff's Motion to Preserve Evidence (DE 12), filed August 21, 2008. Plaintiff represented in her motion that Defendant opposed the requested relief. However, Defendant subsequently filed a Response (DE 14) in which he informs the Court that he does not, in fact, oppose the requested relief.¹ Accordingly, it is ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that Plaintiff's Motion (DE 12) is GRANTED. Defendant is directed to preserve all evidence listed in Exhibit # 1 to Plaintiff's Motion and provide duplicates

¹ Plaintiff's counsel is reminded of his duty to “make reasonable effort to confer (orally or in writing), with all parties or non-parties who may be affected by the relief sought in the motion.” S.D. Fla. L.R. 7.1(A)(3). A reasonable effort includes giving Defendant’s counsel adequate time to consider Plaintiff’s request and respond.

Case 9:08-cv-80804-KAM Document 20 Entered on FLSD Docket 09/05/2008 Page 2 of 2

to Plaintiff should said evidence be returned to Defendant by the State of Florida.

DONE AND ORDERED in Chambers at West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 4th day of September, 2008.

KENNETH A. MARRA
United States District Judge

Copies to:
all counsel of record