Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM Document 23 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 Page 1 of 4

# UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

JANE DOE NO. 2, Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 3, Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80232-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 4, Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80380-MARRA/JOHNSON

JANE DOE NO. 5, Plaintiff,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN, Defendant.

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80381-MARRA/JOHNSON

Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM Document 23 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 Page 2 of 4

JANE DOE NO. 6,
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80994-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

JANE DOE NO. 7,
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80993-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

C.M.A.,
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80811-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

JANE DOE,
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 08-CV-80893-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al,
Defendants.

Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM Document 23 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 Page 3 of 4

DOE II,
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 09-CV-80469-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN et al,
Defendants.

JANE DOE NO. 101,
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 09-CV-80591-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

JANE DOE NO. 102
Plaintiff,

CASE NO.: 09-CV-80656-MARRA/JOHNSON

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

# UNITED STATES' NOTICE OF LIMITED APPEARANCE
AS AMICUS CURIAE TO FILE RESPONSE TO COURT'S ORDER
REQUESTING POSITION ON DEFENDANT'S MOTION TO STAY [DE 99]

Comes now the United States, by and through the undersigned Assistant United States Attorney, and makes this limited appearance to file via CM/ECF its response to the Court's Order requesting the position of the United States on Defendant Jeffrey Epstein's Motion to Stay Proceedings [DE 99]. By filing this notice of limited appearance and its response, the United States does not make itself a party to this litigation and takes no position with respect

Case 9:09-cv-80469-KAM Document 23 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/29/2009 Page 4 of 4

to the outcome of any of the civil suits. By filing this notice of limited appearance and response, the United States also does not waive any procedural or statutory bars to suit.

Respectfully submitted,

R. ALEXANDER ACOSTA
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY

By: s/A. Marie Villafaña
A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA
Assistant United States Attorney
ann.marie.c.villafana@usdoj.gov
Florida Bar No. 0018255
500 East Broward Boulevard, 7th Floor
Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33394
Telephone: 954-356-7255
Facsimile: 954-356-7230

CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

I HEREBY CERTIFY that on May 28, 2009, I electronically filed the foregoing document with the Clerk of the Court using CM/ECF. According to the Court's website, counsel for all parties are able to receive notice via the CM/ECF system.

s/A. Marie Villafaña
A. MARIE VILLAFAÑA
Assistant United States Attorney