IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY FLORIDA, CRIMINAL DIVISION

STATE OF FLORIDA,
vs.
JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

Case Nos.2006-CF9454 AXX
2008-9381CF AXX

FILED
2009 MAY 12 PM 12:17
SHARON R. BOURKE
PALM BEACH COUNTY
CIRCUIT CRIMINAL

# NONPARTY MOTION TO VACATE ORDER SEALING RECORDS AND UNSEAL RECORDS

, a nonparty, moves pursuant to the Rules of Judicial Administration Rule 2.420(d)(5) to vacate the order sealing records and unseal two documents in these files on the following grounds:

1.  is a victim of sexual abuse by defendant who was convicted of procuring a person under 18 for prostitution and felony solicitation of prostitution. See attached judgments of conviction (Exhibit "A".) presently has a pending civil action in this court against defendant for damages. Case number 502008CA028058XXXXMB AB.

2. On June 30, 2008 and August 25, 2008, this Court sealed two documents, a non-prosecution agreement and an addendum to non-prosecution agreement. See attached copies of envelopes containing the sealed documents and also an Agreed Order Sealing Document In Court File entered July 2, 2008 (Exhibit "B".)

3. The sealing of these documents was done without written motion required by Rule 2.420(d)(1) or notice to the public, the media, the record newspaper and the victims of defendant required by Rule 2.420(d)(2). The Agreed Order does not set forth the

SCANNED MAY 14 2009

grounds set forth in Rule 2.420(d)(3). The clerk of court did not post a copy of the notice of the order as required by Rule 2.420(d)(4).

4. The sealing of these documents was also done contrary to the Administrative Orders of this Court, AO 2.104, 2.032, 2.303 and 11.046.

5. The request to seal the first document was made orally at the plea hearing on June 30, 2008. A copy of the relevant portion of the transcript is attached (see pages 38-40) (Exhibit “C”.)

6. It is against public policy for these documents to have been sealed and hidden from public scrutiny. As a member of the public, [redacted] has a right to have these documents unsealed. Furthermore, these documents are relevant and material to [redacted] civil action against defendant. As stated in the plea colloquy, they were an inducement for defendant to enter into his guilty pleas. They are proper objects of discovery. However, unless they are unsealed, [redacted] is unable to obtain them or utilize them in her case.

7. Pursuant to Rule 2.420(d)(5), the Court must hold a hearing on this motion in open court.

WHEREFORE movant requests the Court vacate the order sealing records and unseal the two documents.

## CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

THEREBY CERTIFY that a true and correct copy of the foregoing has been served via U.S. Mail and Facsmile this 12 day of May, 2009 to: Jack Alan Goldberger, Esq., Atterbury Goldberger et al., 250 Australian Ave. South, Suite 1400, West Palm Beach, FL 33401.

ROTHSTEIN ROSENFELDT ADLER
Attorneys for Plaintiff
401 East Las Olas Blvd., Suite 1650
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33394
Telephone (954) 522-3456
Telecopier (954) 527-8663

By:
Bradley J. Edwards
Florida Bar No. 542075
bedwards@rra-law.com
William J. Berger
Florida Bar No. 197701
wberger@rra-law.com

3
NOT A CERTIFIED COPY

954050

9

#

#

IN THE CRIMINAL DIVISION OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA. IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY

CASE NO. 2006 CF 9454AXX

OBTS NUMBER

STATE OF FLORIDA

[ ] COMMUNITY CONTROL VIOLATOR

CFN 20080267522

OR BK 22760 PG 1081

RECORDED 07/17/2008 08:52:50

Palm Beach County, Florida

Sharon R. Bock, CLERK &amp; COMPTROLL

Pg 1081; (1pg)

Jeffrey E. Epstein

DEFENDANT

1/20/53

W

RACE

M

GENDER

PROBATION VIOLATOR

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

# JUDGMENT

The above Defendant, being personally before this Court represented by J. Goldberger (attorney)

|  [ ] Having been tried and found guilty of the following crime(s): | ☑ Having entered a plea of guilty to the following crime(s): | [ ] Having entered a plea of nolo contendere to the following crime(s):  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  COUNT | CRIME | OFFENSE STATUTE NUMBER(S) | DEGREE  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  1 | Felony Solicitation of Prostitution | 796.07(2)(+) | 305  |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |
|  |   |   |   |

and no cause having been shown why the Defendant should not be adjudicated guilty. IT IS ORDERED THAT the Defendant is hereby ADJUDICATED GUILTY of the above crime(s).

[ ] and having been convicted or found guilty of, or having entered a plea of nolo contendere or guilty, regardless of adjudication, to attempts or offenses relating to sexual battery (ch 794), lewd and lascivious conduct (ch 800), or murder (s 782 04), aggravated battery (s 784 045), burglary (s 810 02), caracking (s 812 133), or home invasion robbery (s 812 135), or any other offense specified in section 943 325, the defendant shall be required to submit blood specimens.

[ ] and good cause being shown. IT IS ORDERED THAT ADJUDICATION OF GUILTY WITHHELD

SENTENCE STAYED

[ ] The Court hereby states and with the exception of sentence as to execution and process the Defendant on

[ ] Probation and/or [ ] Community Court order the supersedection of the Dept. of Corrections, conditions of probation set forth in separate orders

SENTENCE DEFERRED

[ ] The Court hereby defers imposition of sentence until

The Defendant or Open Court has advised or brought to appeal in a state by the Court, and the Court will be held at the time of the appeal, and the defendant is ordered to be convicted of the峰值分数, and the defendant is ordered to be convicted of the峰值分数. The defendant is not required to be acquitted of the峰值分数.

DONE AND ORDERED - Open Court at Palm Beach County, Florida

30 June 2008

EXHIBIT A

CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE

4050

IN THE CRIMINAL DIVISION OF THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE

FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA.

IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY

CASE NO 08-CF-9381-AMB DIV W

OBTS NUMBER 2008CF9381AXY

STATE OF FLORIDA

COMMUNITY

CONTROL

VIOLATOR

CFN 20080267252

OR BK 22760 PG 0565

RECORDED 07/17/2008 08:06:42

Palm Beach County, Florida

Sharon R. Bock, CLERK &amp; COMPTROLLER

Pg 0565; (1pg)

Jeffrey E. Epstein

DEFENDANT

1/20/53

DATE OF BIRTH

W

RACE

M

GENDER

PROBATION

VIOLATOR

SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

# JUDGMENT

The above Defendant, being personally before this Court represented by J. Goldberger (attorney)

☐ Having been tried and found guilty of the following crime(s):

☑ Having entered a plea of guilty to the following crime(s):

☐ Having entered a plea of nolo contendere to the following crime(s):

|  COUNT | CRIME | OFFENSE STATUTE NUMBER(S) | DEGREE  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  1 | Procuring Person Under 18 for Prostitution | 796.03 | 2°F  |

☑ and no cause having been shown why the Defendant should not be adjudicated guilty. IT IS ORDERED THAT the Defendant is hereby ADJUDICATED GUILTY of the above crime(s).

☐ and having been convicted or found guilty of, or having entered a plea of nolo contendere or guilty, regardless of adjudication, to attempts or offenses relating to sexual battery (ch. 794), lewd and lascivious conduct (ch. 800), or murder (s. 782 04), aggravated battery (s. 784 045), burglary (s. 810 02), caracking (s. 812 133), or home invasion robbery (s. 812 135), or any other offense specified in section 943 325, the defendant shall be required to submit blood specimens.

☐ and good cause being shown. IT IS ORDERED THAT ADJUDICATION OF GUILT BE WITHHELD.

SENTENCE

STAYED

☐ The Court hereby stays and withholds imposition of sentence as to counts, and places the Defendant on

☐ Probation and/or ☐ Community Control under the supervision of the Dept. of Corrections (conditions of probation set forth in separate order)

SENTENCE

DEFERRED

☐ The Court hereby defers imposition of sentence until _______________

The Defendant in Open Court was advised of his right to appeal from the Defendant by filing notice of appeal. In the Clerk's Court, when the Clerk following the date sentence is imposed or probation is ordered pursuant to this adjudication, the defendant was also advised by his right to the assistance of commission taking said appeal at the expense of the State upon showing of judgment.

THE DEFENDANT AND ORDERED: Open Court, Palm Beach County, Florida, this 30 day of June 2008

W. Bock, CLERK

CIRCUIT COURT JUDGE

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENT
JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA, IN AND FO
PALM BEACH COUNTY

CASE NO. 2006 (F 009454A)

STATE OF FLORIDA
DIVISION W

vs.

Jeffrey Epstein

ON July 2, 2008

☐ Psychiatric (Medical, etc.) Report dated _________________
from _________________

☐ Presentence Investigation Report dated _________________
from _________________

☑ Other Non-Prosecution Agreement

SEALED IN COURT FILE, NOT TO BE
OPENED WITHOUT ORDER OF COURT

EXHIBIT B
AR JUL 03 2008

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTI JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF FLORIDA, IN AND FO. PALM BEACH COUNTY

CASE NO. 06CF009454AXV

DIVISION W

STATE OF FLORIDA

vs.

Jeffrey Epstein

ON 8/25/08

☐ Psychiatric (Medical, etc.) Report dated _______________ from _______________

☐ Presentence Investigation Report dated SCANNED from AUG 30 2008

☑ Other Addendum to the non-prosecution Agreement

SEALED IN COURT FILE, NOT TO BE OPENED WITHOUT ORDER OF COURT

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA

STATE OF FLORIDA

vs.

JEFFREY EPSTEIN,
Defendant.

CASE NO.: 2006CF009454AXX
DIVISION: "W"

# AGREED ORDER SEALING DOCUMENT IN COURT FILE

THIS MATTER came before the Honorable Judge Deborah Dale Pucillo on June 30, 2008 during a plea conference in the above-referenced case number. The Court being fully apprised in the circumstances, it is hereby:

ORDERED AND ADJUDGED that the document filed by the Defendant on July 2, 2008 be sealed by the Clerk in the court file.

DONE AND ORDERED in chambers, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, Florida this 2 day of July, 2008.

DEBORAH DALE PUCILLO
Circuit Court Judge

Copies forwarded to:

Jack A. Goldberger, Esq.
Counsel for the Defendant
250 Australian Avenue South, Ste. 1400
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

Lanna Belohlavek, Esq.
Assistant State Attorney
(interoffice)

AB JUL 03 2008

1

IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE
FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL CIRCUIT
IN AND FOR PALM BEACH COUNTY, FLORIDA
CRIMINAL DIVISION

STATE OF FLORIDA )
vs ) CASE NO. 06 CF9454AMB
) 08 9381CFAMB
JEFFREY EPSTEIN )
Defendant. )
______________________________________)

PLEA CONFERENCE

PRESIDING: HONORABLE DEBORAH DALE PUCILLO

APPEARANCES:

ON BEHALF OF THE STATE:
BARRY E. KRISCHER, ESQUIRE
State Attorney
401 North Dixie Highway
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
By: LANNA BELOHLAVEK, ESQUIRE
Assistant State Attorney

ON BEHALF OF THE DEFENDANT:
ATTERBURY, GOLDBERGER &amp; WEISS, P.A.
250 Australian Avenue South
Suite 1400
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
By: JACK GOLDBERGER, ESQUIRE

ORIGINAL

June 30, 2008
Palm Beach County Courthouse
West Palm Beach, Florida 33401
Beginning at 8:40 o'clock, a.m.

PHYLLIS A. DAMES,  OFFICE OF THE COURT REPORTER

38

on that, Your Honor?

THE COURT: It is going to be recorded.

MR. GOLDBERGER: That's fine.

THE COURT: Defendant needs to approach as well.

(Whereupon, there was a conference at the bench.)

MR. GOLDBERGER: The reason why I asked to come sidebar, there is a nonprosecution agreement with the United States Attorney's office that triggers as a result of this plea agreement. In other words, they have signed off and said they will not prosecute Mr. Epstein in the Southern District of Florida for any offense upon his successful taking of this plea today. That is a confidential document that the parties have agreed to. Just in an abundance of caution, I wanted to tell the court.

THE COURT: I understand, that would also be invalidated should he violate his community control?

MR. GOLDBERGER: Absolutely. That

PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER

39

nonprosecution agreement --

MS. BELOHLAVEK: They spell all that out.

THE COURT: Mr. Epstein needs to come closer.

Mr. Epstein, your attorney has told me that in addition to everything, we talked about another Inducement, shall we say, to your taking this plea is that the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of the State of Florida, federal prosecutor, has agreed to a nonprosecution agreement with you, meaning that if you successfully complete probation and do everything you're supposed to, they have, have agreed not to prosecute you federally, did you understand that?

THE DEFENDANT: Yes, ma'am.

THE COURT: And I would view that as a significant inducement in accepting this plea.

MS. BELOHLAVEK: They are actually in court here today, also.

THE COURT: Okay.

MR. GOLDBERGER: And the plea

PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER

40

agreement very carefully spelled out if there was a breach that would violate this agreement, so we are well aware of it.

THE COURT: Okay. I would request that a sealed copy of that -- Mr. Epstein has signed that document?

MR. GOLDBERGER: Yes, I would like to seal the copy.

THE COURT: I want a sealed copy of that filed in this case. That is the only other condition of the agreement that is influencing this defendant to make this decision?

MR. GOLDBERGER: Absolutely. I think that's the right idea.

(Return to open court.)

THE COURT: Mr. Epstein, is there anything else?

THE DEFENDANT: No, ma'am.

THE COURT: Because I don't take these pleas unless they are freely and voluntarily made.

THE DEFENDANT: I understand that.

THE COURT: I also don't want somebody or anybody coming back a year,

PHYLLIS A. DAMES, OFFICIAL COURT REPORTER