Case 1:20-cv-02365-LJL-DCF Document 26 Filed 06/30/21 Page 1 of 1

troutman pepper hamilton Sanders LLP

875 Third Avenue

New York, New York 10022

troutman pepper

troutman.com

# Bennet J. Moskowitz

bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com

June 30, 2021

# VIA ECF

Hon. Debra C. Freeman

Daniel Patrick Moynihan

United States Courthouse

500 Pearl St.

New York, NY 10007

The stay of proceedings in this case is hereby lifted; Defendants may have until

9/6/2021 to move, answer, or otherwise respond to the Complaint; and, in light of the motion filed at Dkt. 27, which is hereby granted, Plaintiff may have until 7/30/2021 to file a motion to proceed anonymously.

This Court will hold a telephonic initial pretrial conference in this action on 8/26/2021 at 10:00 a.m. For that conference, counsel should call the following Toll-Free Number: (877) 411-9748, and use Access Code: 9612281. No later than 8/19/2021, the parties should submit a jointly proposed discovery plan.

The Clerk of Court is directed to close the motion filed at Dkt. 27 and to remove the "stay" designation from the Docket for this action.

SO ORDERED

Dated: 7/22/2021

DEBRA FREEMAN

United States Magistrate Judge

Re: Jane Doe v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, in their capacities as the Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, 1:20-cv-02365-LJL-DCF

Dear Judge Freeman:

Pursuant to the Court's July 13, 2020 Joint Stipulation and Order Staying Action ("Order") (ECF No. 13), Plaintiff and Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, write to inform the Court that Plaintiff desires to lift the stay of this action.

Pursuant to the Order, the parties have conferred and agree that Defendants shall have 45 days after the stay is lifted to answer, move, or otherwise respond to Plaintiff's Complaint. Plaintiff will file a motion on or before July 23, 2021 if she wishes to proceed anonymously.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ Bennet J. Moskowitz

Bennet J. Moskowitz

cc: Counsel of Record (via ECF)