Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 1 of 11

STATE OF FLORIDA
Plaintiff

IN THE FIFTEENTH JUDICIAL
CIRCUIT COURT, IN AND FOR
PALM BEACH COUNTY

-VS-

JEFFREY E. EPETEIN
Defendant

CASE NUMBER 502068CF000281AXXXMB
DIVISION MCSORLEY "W"
DC NUMBER W35755
CIRCUIT NUMBER: 15-4/JALL SPLIT

# ORDER OF COMMUNITY CONTROL I

This cause coming before the Court to be heard, and you, the defendant, being now present before the court, and you having

☑ entered a plea of guilty to
☐ entered a plea of nolo contendere to

☐ been found guilty by jury verdict of
☐ been found guilty by the court trying the case without a jury of

# Count 1. PROCURE PERSON UNDER AGE OF 18 FOR PROSTITUTION

# SECTION 1: JUDGMENT OF GUILT

☑ The court hereby adjudges you to be guilty of the above offense(s).

Now, therefore, it is ordered and adjudged that the imposition of sentence is hereby withheld and that you be placed on Probation 1 for a period of ______ under the supervision of the Department of Corrections, subject to Florida law.

# SECTION 2: ORDER WITHHOLDING ADJUDICATION

☐ Now, therefore, it is ordered and adjudged that the adjudication of guilt is hereby withheld and that you be placed on Probation for a period of ______ under the supervision of the Department of Corrections, subject to Florida law.

# SECTION 3: INCARCERATION DURING PORTION OF SUPERVISION SENTENCE

It is hereby ordered and adjudged that you be:

☐ committed to the Department of Corrections
or
☐ confined in the County Jail
for a term of ______ with credit for ______ jail time. After you have served ______ of the term, you shall be placed on Probation for a period of ______ under the supervision of the Department of Corrections, subject to Florida law.
or
☑ confined in the County Jail
for a term of SIX (6) MONTHS AS TO COUNT 1 FOLLOWED BY TWELVE (12) MONTHS COMMUNITY CONTROL I CONSECUTIVE TO THE (12) MONTH SENTENCE IN CASES 2008CF00045AAMB with credit for ONE (1) DAY jail time, as a special condition of supervision.

7YNHHHO LIOOIO
7JXJNNOO HOX3B HJW
PATM BEACH COUNTY FL
CIRCUIT COURT, IN AND FOR
PALM BEACH COUNTY

Page 1 of 8
Form Revised 03-18-08

EXHIBIT "A"

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 2 of 11

# JEFFREY EPSTEIN

CASE#502008CF009381AXXXMB

**IT IS FURTHER ORDERED** that you shall comply with the following **standard conditions of supervision** as provided by Florida law:

1. You will report to the probation office as directed. Not later than the fifth day of each month, unless otherwise directed, you will make a full and truthful report to your officer on the form provided for that purpose.

2. You will pay the State of Florida the amount of **$50.00** per month, as well as 4% surcharge, toward the cost of your supervision in accordance with s. 948.09, F.S., unless otherwise exempted in compliance with Florida Statutes.

3. You will remain in a specified place. You will not change your residence or employment or leave the county of your residence without first procuring the consent of your officer.

4. You will not possess, carry or own any firearm or weapon, unless authorized by the court.

5. You will live without violating the law. A conviction in a court of law shall not be necessary for such a violation to constitute a violation of your probation/community control.

6. You will not associate with any person engaged in any criminal activity.

7. You will not use intoxicants to excess or possess any drugs or narcotics unless prescribed by a physician. Nor will you visit places where intoxicants, drugs or other dangerous substances are unlawfully sold, dispensed or used.

8. You will work diligently at a lawful occupation, advise your employer of your probation status, and support any dependents to the best of your ability, as directed by your officer.

9. You will promptly and truthfully answer all inquiries directed to you by the court or the officer, and allow your officer to visit in your home, at your employment site or elsewhere, and you will comply with all instructions your officer may give you.

10. You will pay restitution, court costs, and/or fees in accordance with special conditions imposed or in accordance with the attached orders.

11. You will submit to random testing as directed by your officer or the professional staff of the treatment center where he/she is receiving treatment to determine the presence of alcohol or illegal drugs. You will be required to pay for the tests unless exempt by the court.

12. You will submit two biological specimens, as directed by your officer, for DNA analysis as prescribed in ss. 943.325 and 948.014, F.S.

13. You will report in person within 72 hours of your release from incarceration to the probation office in **PALM BEACH** County, Florida, unless otherwise instructed by the court or department. (This condition applies only if section 3 on the previous page is checked.) Otherwise, you must report immediately to the probation office located at **3444 SOUTH CONGRESS AVENUE, LAKE WORTH, FL 33481**.

Page 2 of 8
Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 3 of 11

JEFFREY EPSTEIN
CASE#502008CF009381AXXX04B

## SPECIAL CONDITIONS

☐ 1. You must undergo a Drug and Alcohol evaluation and, if treatment is deemed necessary, you must successfully complete the treatment, and be responsible for the payment of any costs incurred while receiving said evaluation and treatment, unless waived by the court.
Additional instructions ordered: _____

☐ 2. You will make restitution to the following victim(s), as directed by the court, until the obligation is paid in full:
NAME: _____
TOTAL AMOUNT: $_____
Additional instructions ordered, including specific monthly amount, begin date, due date, or joint &amp; several: _____

NAME: _____
TOTAL AMOUNT: $_____
Additional instructions ordered, including specific monthly amount, begin date, due date, or joint &amp; several: _____

## SPECIAL CONDITIONS - CONTINUED

☐ 3. You will enter the Department of Corrections Non-Secure Drug Treatment Program or other residential treatment program/Probation and Restitution Center for a period of successful completion as approved by your officer. You are to remain until you successfully complete said Program and Aftercare. You are to comply with all Rules and Regulations of the Program. You shall be confined in the county jail until placement in said program, and if you are confined in the jail, the Sheriff will transport you to said program.

☐ 4. You will abstain entirely from the use of alcohol and/or illegal drugs, and you will not associate with anyone who is illegally using drugs or consuming alcohol.

☐ 5. You will submit to urinalysis resting on a monthly basis to determine the presence of alcohol or illegal drugs. You will be required to pay for the tests unless exempt by the court.

☐ 6. You will not visit any establishment where the primary business is the sale and dispensing of alcoholic beverages.

☐ 7. You will successfully complete ____ hours of community service at a rate of ______, at a work site approved by your officer.
Additional instructions ordered: _____

☐ 8. You will remain at your residence between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. due to a curfew imposed, unless otherwise directed by the court.

☐ 9. You will submit to electronic monitoring, follow the rules of electronic monitoring, and pay $_____ per month for the cost of the monitoring service, unless otherwise directed by the court.

☐ 10. You will not associate with ______ during the period of supervision.

☐ 11. You will have no contact (direct or indirect) with the victim or the victim’s family during the period of supervision.

☐ 12. You will have no contact (direct or indirect) with ______ during the period of supervision.

☐ 13. You will maintain full time employment or attend school/vocational school full time or a combination of school/work during the term of your supervision.

☐ 14. You will make a good faith effort toward completing basic or functional literacy skills or a high school equivalency diploma.

☐ 15. You will successfully complete the Probation &amp; Restitution Program, abiding by all rules and regulations.

Page 3 of 8
Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 4 of 11

JEFFREY EPSTEIN
CASE#502008CF009381AXXOMB

☐ 16. You will attend Alcoholics Anonymous or Narcotics Anonymous meetings at least monthly, unless otherwise directed by the court.

☐ 17. You must successfully complete Anger Management, and be responsible for the payment of any costs incurred while receiving said treatment, unless waived. If convicted of a Domestic Violence offense, as defined in s. 741.28, F.S., you must attend and successfully complete a batterer's intervention program, unless otherwise directed by the court. Additional instructions ordered: _____

☐ 18. You will amend an HIV/AIDS Awareness Program consisting of a class of not less than two (2) hours or more than four (4) hours in length, the cost for which will be paid by you.

☐ 19. You shall submit your person, property, place of residence, vehicle or personal effects to a warrantless search at any time, by any probation or community control officer or any law enforcement officer.

☑ 20. DEFENDANT MUST REGISTER AS A SEXUAL OFFENDER WITHIN 48 HOURS OF RELEASE

☑ 21. AS A SPECIAL CONDITION OF HIS COMMUNITY CONTROL, THE DEFENDANT IS TO HAVE NO UNSUPERVISED CONTACT WITH MINORS, AND THE SUPERVISING ADULT MUST BE APPROVED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS

☑ 22. THE DEFENDANT IS DESIGNATED AS A SEXUAL OFFENDER PURSUANT TO FLORIDA STATUTE 943.05 AND MUST ABIDE BY ALL THE CORRESPONDING REQUIREMENTS OF THE STATUTE, A COPY OF WHICH IS ATTACHED HERETO AND INCORPORATED HEREIN

☑ 23. DEFENDANT MUST PROVIDE A DNA SAMPLE IN COURT AT THE TIME OF THIS PLEA.

☑ 24. SPECIFIED CONTACT WITH THE PAROLE AND PROBATION OFFICER

☑ 25. CONFINEMENT TO AN AGREED-UPON RESIDENCE DURING HOURS AWAY FROM EMPLOYMENT AND PUBLIC SERVICE ACTIVITIES

☑ 25. MANDATORY PUBLIC SERVICE

☑ 26. SUPERVISION BY THE DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS BY MEANS OF AN ELECTRONIC MONITORING DEVICE OR SYSTEM

☑ 27. ELECTRONIC MONITORING 24 HOURS PER DAY

☑ 28. CONFINEMENT TO A DESIGNATED RESIDENCE DURING DESIGNATED HOURS

AND, IF PLACED ON DRUG OFFENDER PROBATION, YOU WILL COMPLY WITH THE FOLLOWING CONDITION OF SUPERVISION IN ADDITION TO THE STANDARD CONDITIONS LISTED ABOVE AND ANY OTHER SPECIAL CONDITIONS ORDERED BY THE COURT:

(14) You will participate in a specialized drug treatment program, either as an in-patient or out patient, as recommended by the treatment provider. You will attend all counseling sessions, submit to random urinalysis and, if an in-patient, you will comply with all operating rules, regulations and procedures of the treatment facility. You will pay for all costs associated with treatment and testing unless otherwise directed. Additional instructions ordered: _____

(15) You will remain at your residence between _____ p.m. and _____ a.m. due to a curfew imposed, unless otherwise directed by the court.

AND, IF PLACED ON COMMUNITY CONTROL, YOU WILL COMPLY WITH THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS, IN ADDITION TO THE STANDARD CONDITIONS LISTED ABOVE AND ANY OTHER SPECIAL CONDITIONS ORDERED BY THE COURT:

Page 4 of 8

Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 5 of 11

JEFFREY EPSTEIN
CASE#502008CF009281AXXXMB

(14) You will report to your officer as directed, at least one time a week, unless you have written consent otherwise.

(15) You will remain confined to your approved residence except for one half hour before and after your approved employment, public service work, or any other special activities approved by your officer.

(16) You will maintain an hourly accounting of all your activities on a daily log, which you will submit to your officer on request.

(17) You will successfully complete ___ hours of community service at a rate of ___ , at a work site approved by your officer. Additional instructions ordered: ___

(18) You will submit to electronic monitoring, follow the rules of electronic monitoring, and pay $___ per month for the cost of the monitoring service, unless otherwise directed by the court.

AND, IF PLACED ON PROBATION OR COMMUNITY CONTROL FOR A SEX OFFENSE PROVIDED IN CHAPTER 794, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145, COMMITTED ON OR AFTER OCTOBER 1, 1995 YOU WILL COMPLY WITH THE FOLLOWING STANDARD SEX OFFENDER CONDITIONS, IN ADDITION TO THE STANDARD CONDITIONS LISTED ABOVE AND ANY OTHER SPECIAL CONDITIONS ORDERED BY THE COURT:

(14) A mandatory curfew from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. The court may designate another 8-hour period if the offender's employment precludes the above specified time, and the alternative is recommended by the Department of Corrections. If the court determines that imposing a curfew would endanger the victim, the court may consider alternative sanctions.

(15) If the victim was under the age of 18, a prohibition on living within 1,000 feet of a school, day care center, park, playground, or other place where children regularly congregate, as prescribed by the court. The 1,000-foot distance shall be measured in a straight line from the offender's place of residence to the nearest boundary line of the school, day care center, park, playground, or other place where children congregate. The distance may not be measured by a pedestrian route or automobile route.

(16) Active participation in and successful completion of a sex offender treatment program with qualified practitioners specifically trained to treat sex offenders, at the offender's own expense. If a qualified practitioner is not available within a 50-mile radius of the offender's residence, the offender shall participate in other appropriate therapy.

(17) A prohibition on any contact with the victim, directly or indirectly, including through a third person, unless approved by the victim, the offender's therapist, and the sentencing court.

(18) If the victim was under the age of 18, a prohibition on contact with a child under the age of 18 except as provided in this paragraph. The court may approve supervised contact with a child under the age of 18 if the approval is based upon a recommendation for contact issued by a qualified practitioner who is basing the recommendation on a risk assessment. Further, the sex offender must be currently enrolled in or have successfully completed a sex offender therapy program. The court may not grant supervised contact with a child if the contact is not recommended by a qualified practitioner and may deny supervised contact with a child at any time.

(19) If the victim was under age 18, a prohibition on working for pay or as a volunteer at any place where children regularly congregate, including, but not limited to any school, day care center, park, playground, pet store, library, zoo, theme park, or mall.

(20) Unless otherwise indicated in the treatment plan provided by the sexual offender treatment program, a prohibition on viewing, accessing, owning, or possessing any obscene, pornographic, or sexually stimulating visual or auditory material, including telephone, electronic media, computer programs, or computer services that are relevant to the offender's deviant behavior pattern.

(21) A requirement that the offender submit two specimens of blood or other approved biological specimens to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to be registered with the DNA data bank.

(22) A requirement that the offender make restitution to the victim, as ordered by the court under s. 775.089, for all necessary medical and related professional services relating to physical, psychiatric, and psychological care.

(23) Submission to a warrantless search by the community control or probation officer of the offender's person, residence, or vehicle.

Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 6 of 11

JEFFREY EPSTEIN

CASE8502008CF009381AXXXMB

EFFECTIVE FOR PROBATIONER OR COMMUNITY CONTROLLEE WHOSE CRIME WAS COMMITTED ON OR AFTER OCTOBER 1, 1997, AND WHO IS PLACED ON COMMUNITY CONTROL OR SEX OFFENDER PROBATION FOR A VIOLATION OF, CHAPTER 794, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145, IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS SECTION, YOU MUST COMPLY WITH THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS OF SUPERVISION:

(24) As part of a treatment program, participation at least annually in polygraph examinations to obtain information necessary for risk management and treatment and to reduce the sex offender's denial mechanisms. A polygraph examination must be conducted by a polygrapher trained specifically in the use of the polygraph for the monitoring of sex offenders, where available, and shall be paid by the sex offender.

(25) Maintenance of a driving log and a prohibition against driving a motor vehicle alone without the prior approval of the supervising officer.

(26) A prohibition against obtaining or using a post office box without the prior approval of the supervising officer.

(27) If there was sexual contact, a submission to, at the offender's expense, an HIV test with the results to be released to the victim and/or the victim's parent or guardian.

(28) Electronic monitoring when deemed necessary by the probation officer and supervisor, and ordered by the court at the recommendation of the Department of Corrections.

(29) Effective for an offender whose crime was committed on or after July 1, 2005, and who are placed on supervision for violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04, s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145, a prohibition on accessing the Internet or other computer services until the offender's sex offender treatment program, after a risk assessment is completed, approves and implements a safety plan for the offender's accessing or using the Internet or other computer services.

(30) Effective for offenders whose crime was committed on or after September 1, 2005, there is hereby imposed, in addition to any other provision in this section, mandatory electronic monitoring as a condition of supervision for those who:

- Are placed on supervision for a violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04(4), (5), or (6), s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145 and the unlawful sexual activity involved a victim 15 years of age or younger and the offender is 18 years of age or older; or
- Are designated as a sexual predator pursuant to s. 775.21; or
- Has previously been convicted of a violation of chapter 794, s. 800.04(4), (5), or (6), s. 827.071, or s. 847.0145 and the unlawful sexual activity involved a victim 15 years of age or younger and the offender is 18 years of age or older.

You are hereby placed on notice that should you violate your probation or community control, and the conditions set forth in s. 948.063(1) or (2) are satisfied, whether your probation or community control is revoked or not revoked, you shall be placed on electronic monitoring in accordance with F.S. 948.063.

YOU ARE HEREBY PLACED ON NOTICE that the court may at any time rescind or modify any of the conditions of your probation, or may extend the period of probation as authorized by law, or may discharge you from further supervision. If you violate any of the conditions of your probation, you may be arrested and the court may revoke your probation, adjudicate you guilty if adjudication of guilt was withheld, and impose any sentence that it might have imposed before placing you on probation or require you to serve the balance of the sentence.

Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 7 of 11

JEFFREY EPSTEIN
CASE#502008CF009381AXXXMB

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that when you have been instructed as to the conditions of probation, you shall be released from custody if you are in custody, and if you are at liberty on bond, the sureties thereon shall stand discharged from liability. (This paragraph applies only if section 1 or section 2 is checked.)

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the clerk of this court file this order in the clerk's office and provide certified copies of same to the officer for use in compliance with the requirements of law.

DONE AND ORDERED, on _______________

NUNC PRO TUNC 06-30-2008

Sandra K. McSorley, Circuit Judge

I acknowledge receipt of a copy of this order and that the conditions have been explained to me and I agree to abide by them.

Date: _________________________
Defendant: _________________________

Instructed by: Supervising Officer

ep/07-02-08

Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 8 of 11

JEFFREY EPSTEIN
CASE#802008CF009381AXXXMB

# COURT ORDERED PAYMENTS

## CHECK ALL THAT ARE ORDERED:

☐ $_______
☐ $_______
☐ $28.00

**FINES**

Total of fines assessed in sentence, pursuant to s. 775.083 (1)(a) through (g) or Chapter 316, F.S.
Statutoryly mandated 5% surcharge/cost if fine assessed (on first line) pursuant to s. 938.04, F.S.
Crime Stoppers Trust Fund pursuant to s. 938.06(1), F.S. Statutoryly mandated if a fine is imposed

## MANDATORY COSTS IN ALL CASES

☑ $200.00
Additional court cost for felony offense, pursuant to s. 938.05(1)(a), F.S.
☐ $60.00
Additional court cost for misdemeanor or criminal traffic offense, pursuant to s. 938.05(1)(b) or (c), F.S.
☑ $50.00
Crimes Compensation Trust Fund pursuant to s. 938.03(1), F.S.
☑ $50.00
County Crime Prevention Fund pursuant to s. 775.083(2), F.S.
☑ $2.00
Additional Court Costs Clearing Trust Fund pursuant to s. 938.01(1), F.S.
☐ $2.00

Per month for each month of supervision for Training Trust Fund Surcharge, pursuant to s. 948.09, F.S.

## MANDATORY COSTS IN SPECIFIC TYPES OF CASES

☐ $161.00
Rape Crisis Program Trust Fund, pursuant to s. 938.085, F.S. for any violations of ss. 784.011, 784.021, 784.03, 784.041, 784.045, 784.048, 784.07, 784.08, 784.081, 784.082, 784.083, 784.085, or 794.011, F.S.

☐ $291.00
Domestic Violence Trust Fund, pursuant to s. 938.08, F.S. for any violations of ss. 784.011, 784.021, 784.03, 784.041, 784.045, 784.048, 784.07, 784.08, 784.081, 784.082, 784.083, 784.085, 794.011, or any offense of Domestic Violence described in s. 741.28, F.S.

☐ $101.00
Certain Crimes Against Minors, pursuant to s. 938.10(1), F.S. for any violations of s. 784.085, chapter 787, chapter 794, s. 796.03, s. 800.64, chapter 827, s. 847.6145, or s. 985.701, F.S.

☐ $135.00
DUI Court Costs, pursuant to s. 938.07, F.S. for any violations of ss. 316.193 or 327.35, F.S.

☐ $3.00
State Agency Law Enforcement Radio System Trust Fund, pursuant to s. 316.18(17), F.S. for any violations of offenses listed in s. 316.17 including ss. 316.1935, 316.027, 316.061, 877.111, chapter 893, ss. 316.193, 316.192, 316.067, 316.072(3), 316.545(1), or any other offense in chapter 316 which is classified as a criminal violation.

## MANDATORY COURT COSTS AUTHORIZED BY LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES

☑ $2.00
Criminal Justice Education by Municipalities and Counties, pursuant to s. 938.15, F.S.

☑ $65.00
Additional court costs for local requirements and other county funded programs pursuant to s. 939.185(1)(a), F.S.

☑ $3.60
Teen Court pursuant to s. 938.19(2), F.S.

## DISCRETIONARY

☐ $1.00
Per month during the term of supervision to the following nonprofit organization established for the sole purpose of supplementing the rehabilitative efforts of the Department of Corrections, pursuant to s. 948.039(2), F.S.: ___________

☐ $40.00
Public Defender Application Fee, if not previously collected or waived, pursuant to s. 27.52 and s. 938.29, F.S.

☐ $_______
Public Defender Fees and Costs, pursuant to s. 938.29, F.S. as determined locally.

☑ $50.00
Prosecution/Investigative Costs, pursuant to s. 938.27, F.S.

☐ Other: ___________

☐ Other: ___________

## DISCRETIONARY COSTS FOR SPECIFIC TYPES OF CASES

☑ $50.00
County Alcohol and Other Drug Abuse Trust Fund, pursuant to s. 938.21 and s. 938.23, F.S. for violations of s. 316.193, s. 856.011, s. 856.015, or chapter 502, chapter 567, or chapter 568, F.S.

☐ $100.00
Operating Trust Fund of the FDLE, pursuant to s. 938.25, F.S. for violations of s. 893.13 offenses

* TOTAL $473.00

PAYMENT IS TO BE MADE THROUGH AND PAYABLE TO: ☑ Department of Corrections or ☐ Clerk of Court

(If collected by the Department of Corrections, a surcharge of 4% will be added to all payments ordered by the court, pursuant to s. 945.31, F.S.)

☐ Court Costs/Fines Waived
☐ Court Costs/Fines in the amount of __________ converted to __________ community service hours
☐ Court Costs/Fines in the amount of __________ reduced to civil judgment

SPECIFIC INSTRUCTIONS FOR PAYMENT: ___________

Form Revised 03-18-08

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 9 of 11

CASE NO 502006CF007454AXXX ST OF FL VS. JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN Z41
Charged: FELONY OFFER TO COMMIT PROSTITUTION

ARREST # 2006035744 BOND# 00073143 TYPE CS 3.000.00

Type: 3710708 6/13/06 Judge: TEC/110 Crt. Rep. C. DAVES
Sex: F. Belief/Advert DC: 1700
Deft--Pres/Not Pres. W/W/O Def. Co. Gold/Red
Reg/PD--Pres/Not Pres.

Before the Court for: STATUTORY
Granted ☐ Denied ☐ With/Without Prejudice ☐ Withdrawn ☐ Court Reserves Ruling ☐ Written Order to Follow

Warrant ☐ Ordered ☐ Recalled ☐ Bond Set At
☐ See Below ☐ Also Covers ☐ Sp Cond
☐ Bond Forf ☐ OR: Disch/Revoked/Reinstated ☐ Bond: Disch/Revoked
☐ SOR: Disch/Revoked/Reinstated
☐ Bond Forf Vacated ☐ Previous Bond Reinstated, if Bondsman agrees ☐ State failed to file charges ☐ Released O.R./S.O.R.

Deft Indigent ☐ PD Appt ☐ Hrg only PD Pres ☐ Court Appts
Evaluation for: ☐ Drug Farm ☐ DOC Non-Secure Bed by
☐ Pre-Plea ☐ PSI ordered by/within ___ days ☐ w/input from DJJ/Staffing
☐ Referred to: PTI / SAAP/PADD ☐ Case placed on the absentee docket

DEPT ENTERED A PLEA OF: ☐ NOT GUILTY ☐ GUILTY ☐ NO CONTEST ☐ BEST INTEREST ☐ TO THE COURT
No. Charged-Cts ONE
☐ Sw &amp; Test ☐ Adv of Rts ☐ Waived PSI ☐ Laser Cts
Laser Cts
Laser Cts
Laser Cts
☐ ADJ GUILTY as Charged as to Cts ONE
☐ FOUND GUILTY as Charged as to Cts
☐ ADJ W/HELD as to Cts
☐ FOUND AND ADJUDICATED DELINQUENT as to Cts
☐ FOUND &amp; ADJ NOT GUILTY as to Cts
☐ Dismiss ☐ Nelle Prossse Cts

Frob / Coimh Control: ☐ Revoked ☐ Reinstated ☐ Modified ☐ Term. Successfully / Unsuccessfully
☐ Stip/Found: (violent) Habitual Off. 775.084 ☐ Stip/Found: Sexual Offender / Sexual Predator ☐ Stip/Found: PSCR
SENTENCE: PBCJ/ DMS Cts: ___ / DOO ___ Cts: ___
☐ W/Credit for ___ Days/Mo./Yrs. ☐ Deft Remanded ☐ Deft to remain on same rel status pending writ
Conc / Consec / Co-Term w/cases / cts:

Execution of Sentence Stayed ☐ Sentence Suspended ☐ Time served as to Cts
☐ Youthful Off ☐ Habitual Off ☐ Min/ Mand: ___ as to Cts
☐ ABOVE SENTENCE TO BE FOLLOWED By: ☐ Probation ☐ Drug/ Sex Off Prob ☐ Comm. Control ☐ II - Sec Pg. 2
DRIVERS LICENSE TO BE SUSPENDED/ REVOKED FOR ___ YEARS AS A RESULT OF THIS PLRA

DVA SWAB

Set / Remains Set / Reset ___ Div ___ Rm ___ at ___ AM/PM
Set / Remains Set / Reset ___ Div ___ Rm ___ at ___ AM/PM

☐ Deft sign
☐ Def Co ___ ☐ ASA ___ ☐ Bondsman
☐ Prob ☐ Jail ☐ DJJ ☐ GAL Notified by mail by: ___ on ___ / ___ / ___
☐ County Courthouse
205 N. Dixie, West Palm Beach
☐ Courtroom, Criminal Justice Bldg.
38844 State Road 80, Belle Glade
☐ Courtroom, Criminal Justice Complex
3228 Gun Club Rd., West Palm Beach

(IF YOU ARE A PERSON WITH A DISABILITY WHO NEEDS ANY ACCOUNTS, PENSIONS, ITEMS OR PROCEDURES IN THIS PROCEEDING, ECLIPSE ENTITLED, AT NO COST TO YOU, TO THE PROVISION OF CERTAIN ASSISTANCE, PLEASE CONTACT MANY JAFFE, ADA COORDINATOR IN THE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURT, PACIFIC BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, 205 N. DIXIE HWY, RM 53300, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401; TELEPHONE (501) 355-4380, WITHIN 2 WORKING DAYS OF YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS NOTICE (IF YOU ARE HEARING OR VOICE IMPAIRED, CALL 1-800-200-8771.)

Form 611 KDP Rev 12/06

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 10 of 11

V

Case No. 2008CF009361AXX W ST-1FELX JEFFREY EPSTEIN
Charges: PROCURE PERSON UNDER AGE OF 18 FOR PROSTITUTION

(ARISER FROM 2006CF009454AXX)

|  Arrest# | Bond# | Type | $ | A/C  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Date | 6/30/08 Judge | Purified | Ort. Rep. | 8 DTHS  |
|  AS# | 8800000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 | DC | Int |   |
|  D#r. Pres / Not Pres | W / W/O - Def. Co. | Thru | SERGER | End / PD - Pres / Not Pres.  |
|  Before the Court for: St. Louis Check  |   |   |   |   |
|  Granted | Denied | With / Without Prejudice | Withdrawn | Court Reserves Ruling Written Order to Follow  |
|  Warrant | Ordered | Recalled | Bond Set at $ | See Below Also Covers Sp Cond  |
|  Bond Perf. | OR Disch / Revoked / Reinstated | Bond; Disch / Revoked | SOR Disch / Revoked / Reinstated |   |
|  Bond Perf. Vacated | Previous Bond Reinstated, if Bondsman agrees | State failed to file charges | Released O.R. / S.O.R. |   |
|  Dett. Indigent | RD Appt. | Hrg only | PD Pres | Court Appts.  |
|  Evaluation for: | Drug Farm | DOC Non-Secure Bed by |  |   |
|   | Pre-Plea | PSI ordered by within | days | w/ input from D.H. Staffing  |
|  Referred to: PTI / SAAP / PADD Case placed on the absentee docket  |   |   |   |   |
|  DETENTERED A PLEA OF: NOT GUILTY GUILTY NOT CONTEST BEST INTEREST TO THE COURT  |   |   |   |   |
|  As Charged Cts | 0104 | Lesser Cts | Lesser Charge |   |
|  Sw & Test Adv of Rts | Waived PSI | Lesser Cts | Lesser Charge |   |
|  ADJ GUILTY as Charged as to Cts | 0104 | Lesser Cts |  |   |
|  POLND GUILTY as Charged as to Cts |  | Lesser Cts |  |   |
|  ADJ W/ HELD as to Cts |  | SENT W/ HELD as to Cts |  |   |
|  POUND AND ADJ ODICATED BE INQUENT as to Cts |  | Dispr. Order to follow / Filed |  |   |
|  POUND & ADJ NOT GUILTY as to Cts |  | Dismiss | Nolle Prose Cts |   |
|  Prob / Comm Control | Revoked | Reinstated | Modified Term Successfully | Unsuccessfully Unsuccessfully  |
|  Dett. to pay fine or complete hrs. Community Service or Serve days FBCJ.  |   |   |   |   |
|  Ship/Pound & Agent/Habitual Off | 775,084 | Ship/Pound; Sexual Offender / Sexual Predator | Sup/Found: P.R.R. |   |
|  SENTENCE: PBCJ | 0005 | Cts: /DOC: | Cts: |   |
|  PBCJ |  | Cts: /DOC: | Cts: |   |
|  W/Credit for | 1 | Days / Mos. / Yrs. | Court Recommend | Dett to remain on same/rel status pending sent.  |
|  Conc / Conseq Co./Term w/cases / rts: 2006CF009454AXX  |   |   |   |   |
|  Execution of Sentence Stayed | Sentence Suspended | Time served as to Cts |  |   |
|  Youthful Off | Habitual Off | Min / Mand: | as to Cts |   |
|  ABOVE SENTENCE TO BE FOLLOWED By: | Probation | Drug Off Prob | Comm. Control | 1 ☐ 2 ☑ See Page 2  |

DUT SORB

|  Set / Remains Set / Reset | Div | Rm | at | AM/PM  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  Set / Remains Set / Reset | Div | Rm | at | AM/PM  |

Dett sign

☐ Defts
☐ Insit ☐ Jail ☐ DN ☐ GAL Notified by mail by: on

☐ County Courthouse
205 N. Dixie, West Palm Beach
38844 State Road 80, Belle Glade
3228 Gun Club Rd., West Palm Beach

INVOLVING A PERSON WITH A DISABILITY WHO RESEW ANY ACCOMMODATION IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROCEEDING. YOU ARE ENTITLED AT NO COST TO YOU. TO THE PROVISION OF CENTRAL ASSISTANCE. PLEASE CONTACT HORN EHERETT, ACA COORDINATOR IN THE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY FARM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, 900 N. DIXIE HWY, RM 5,2500. WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401. TELEPHONE (361) 323-4360. WITHIN 2 WEEKING DAYS OF YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS NOTICE. IF YOU ARE HEARING OR VOIDER MAILED, CALL 1-800-655-6777.

Form 411 copy rev 3/02

Case 9:09-cv-80591-KAM Document 29-1 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/26/2009 Page 11 of 11

CASE NO. 2008cr9831Ayy
DATE: 6/30/08
NAME: Jeffrey Esteig

TERM OF Prob / Sex Off / Drug Off Prob / C.C. I C.C. II: 12 mos / yrs as to Cts.
☐ conc w/ ☐ consec. w/

☐ Probation transferred to:

SPECIAL CONDITIONS:
☐ Complete Originally Ordered Conditions
☐ Curfew: ______ p.m., with the following exception:
☐ Deft. to report to Prob. Dept. immediately upon release
☐ Deft. not to have in care, custody, or control any unlawful or illegal material, subst., device, or object.
☐ Deft. to immediately notify Prob. Officer if place of residence or job changes.
☐ Restitution CRO filed
☐ Subject to all ordinary and special conditions of Probation
☐ Substance Abuse Eval. / Psychological Eval. / Psychosexual Eval. within / by:
and deft. to successfully complete recommended treatment
☐ Random Drug/Alcohol Testing ☐ At Deft's Expense ☐ Costs Waived
☐ No Consumption/Possession of Alcohol or Drugs or Intoxicants without a Prescription.
☐ Atterid ______ AA and/or NA Meetings per Week.
☐ Deft. not to frequent any place of business whose primary purpose is the sale of alcohol.
☐ Complete ______ Hrs. of Community Service to be done at the rate of ______ Hrs. per Wk / Mo.(Min.)
☐ License Revoked / Suspended for ______ mos / yrs
☐ Atterid and successfully complete DUI school and 1 session of Victim Impact Panel
☐ No Contact / No Violent Contact / No Direct or Indirect contact w/Victim(s) or others listed:

☐ No Contact w/Minor Children w/o Adult Supervision aware of this case and the disposition:
☐ Cost of Supervision: $ ______ per month ☐ Waived by Court.
☐ Enter and Successfully Complete DCC Non-Secure Bed Program and Any Recommended Aftercare.
☐ Hold in Custody, release only to DCC Non-Secure Bed Program Officer.
☐ Enter and Successfully Complete PBSO Long / Short Track Drug Farm and Any Rec. Aftercare.
☐ Forfeit Weapon / Money seized at the time of arrest to:
☐ Enter and Complete: ☐ Anger Management Program ☐ Batterers Intervention Program
☐ Theft Abatement Program: ______ ☐ Other: ______
☐ Defendant may apply for Early Termination after ______ , provided all cond. are satisfied.
☐ Serve days / months in PBC.) with credit for ______ days / months.

See all Attached Documents
Deft must Register as a Sexual Offender
With 48 hours of Release.

FORM 272 (rev. 7/00)