Case 1:19-cv-07625-AJN-DCF Document 30-1 Filed 11/15/19 Page 1 of 2

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

VE,

Plaintiff,

v.

DARREN K. INDYKE AND RICHARD D. KAHN
AS JOINT PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OF
THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, NINE
EAST 71st STREET, CORPORATION, FINANCIAL
TRUST COMPANY, INC., NES, LLC,

Defendants.

Case No. 1:19-cv-07625-AJN

# ORDER ON PLAINTIFF'S ANONYMITY

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that any person subject to this Order, including the parties to this action and their respective counsel of record, shall adhere to the following terms:

1. Within three (3) days of entry of this Order, Counsel of Record for Plaintiff shall disclose Plaintiff's identity to Counsel of Record for Defendants, in writing.
2. Plaintiff's identity may be disclosed only to Defendants and any attorneys, paralegals, and clerical or other assistants working with or for Defendants on matters related to this action; and the recipients of such information shall not disclose it to any other persons.
3. Defendants shall not be permitted to further disclose Plaintiff's identity except as necessary to defend against this action.
4. All portions of pleadings, motions or other papers filed with the Court that disclose Plaintiff's identity shall be filed under seal with the Clerk of the Court and kept under seal until further order of the Court. The parties shall use their best efforts to minimize such sealing. Any party filing a motion or any other papers with the Court under seal shall also publicly file a redacted copy of the same, via the Court's Electronic Case Filing system, that redacts the Plaintiff's identity and text that would reveal Plaintiff's identity.
5. The parties may seek to modify or amend this Order at any time upon motion to the Court or by stipulation.

Case 1:19-cv-07625-AJN-DCF Document 30-1 Filed 11/15/19 Page 2 of 2

SO ORDERED.

Date: New York, New York

HON. ALISON J. NATHAN
United States District Judge

6