DIV: W
CASE NO: 502008CF009381AXXXMB
ST OF FL VS.
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN
Charges:
PROCURE PERSON UNDER AGE OF 18 FOR PROSTITUTION

ARREST # 2008039316 BOND# TYPE

Date 3/29/09 Judge : C. W. H. C. Crt. Rep. : P. D. S. Int
ASA
DEPT---Pres / Not Pres. W / W/O Def. Co. Esq / PD---Pres / Not Pres.
Before the Court for: OTHER HEARING -
☐ Granted ☐ Denied ☐ With / Without Prejudice ☐ Withdrawn ☐ Court Reserves Ruling ☐ Written Order to Follow
☐ Warrant ☐ Ordered ☐ Recalled ☐ Bond Set at $ ☐ See Below ☐ Also Covers ☐ Sp Cond
☐ Bond Forf ☐ OR: Disch/Revoked/Reinstated ☐ Bond: Disch/Revoked ☐ SOR: Disch/Revoked/Reinstated
☐ Bond Forf Vacated ☐ Previous Bond Reinstated, if Bondsman agrees ☐ State failed to file charges ☐ Released O.R. / S.O.R.
☐ Deft ☐ Indigent ☐ PD Appt ☐ Hrg only PD Pres ☐ Court Appts
Evaluation for: ☐ Drug Farm ☐ DOC Non-Secure Bed by ☐ Pre-Plea ☐ PSI ordered by/within ______ days ☐ w/input from DJJ / Staffing
☐ Referred to: PTI / SAAP / PADD ☐ Case placed on the absentee docket
DEFT ENTERED A PLEA OF: ☐ NOT GUILTY ☐ GUILTY ☐ NO CONTEST ☐ BEST INTEREST ☐ TO THE COURT
As Charged-Cts ☐ Seller Cts ☐ Lesser Charge
☐ Sw &amp; Test ☐ Adv of Rts ☐ Waived PSI ☐ Lesser Cts ☐ Lesser Charge
☐ ADJ GUILTY as Charged as to Cts ☐ Lesser Cts
☐ FOUND GUILTY as Charged as to Cts ☐ Lesser Cts
☐ ADJ W/HELD as to Cts ☐ SENT W/HELD as to Cts
☐ FOUND AND ADJUDICATED DELINQUENT as to Cts ☐ Dispo Order to follow / Filed
☐ FOUND &amp; ADJ NOT GUILTY as to Cts ☐ Dismiss ☐ Nolle Prosse Cts

Prob / Comm Control: ☐ Revoked ☐ Reinstated ☐ Modified ☐ Term. Successfully / Unsuccessfully
☐ Stip/Found: (violent) Habitual Off. 775.084 ☐ Stip/Found: Sexual Offender / Sexual Predator ☐ Stip/Found: P.R.R.
SENTENCE: PBCJ: ______ Cts: ______ / DOC: ______ Cts: ______
PBCJ: ______ Cts: ______ / DOC: ______ Cts: ______

☐ W/Credit for ______ Days / Mos. / Yrs. ☐ Deft Remanded ☐ Deft to remain on same rel. status pending sent.
Conc / Consec / Co-Term w/cases / cts: ______

☐ Execution of Sentence Stayed ☐ Sentence Suspended ☐ Time served as to Cts
☐ Youthful Off ☐ Habitual Off ☐ Min / Mand: ______ as to Cts
☐ ABOVE SENTENCE TO BE FOLLOWED By: ☐ Probation ☐ Drug / Sex Off Prob ☐ Comm. Control ☐ I ☐ II - See Pg. 2
☐ DRIVERS LICENSE TO BE SUSPENDED / REVOKED FOR ______ YEARS AS A RESULT OF THIS PLEA.

no action taken

Set / Remains Set / Reset ______ Div ______ Rm ______ at ______ AM/PM
Set / Remains Set / Reset ______ Div ______ Rm ______ at ______ AM/PM

☐ Deft sign
☐ Def Co ______ ☐ ASA ______ ☐ Bondsman ______
☐ Prob ☐ Jail ☐ DJJ ☐ GAL Notified by mail by: ______ on ______ / ______ / ______
☐ County Courthouse
205 N. Dixie, West Palm Beach
☐ Courtroom, Criminal Justice Bldg.
38844 State Road 80, Belle Glade
☐ Courtroom, Criminal Justice Complex
3228 Gun Club Rd., West Palm Beach

IF YOU ARE A PERSON WITH A DISABILITY WHO NEEDS ANY ACCOMMODATION IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROCEEDING, YOU ARE ENTITLED, AT NO COST TO YOU, TO THE PROVISION OF CERTAIN ASSISTANCE, PLEASE CONTACT MARY JAFFE, ADA COORDINATOR IN THE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURT, PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, 205 N. DIXIE HWY, RM 5.2500, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401; TELEPHONE (561) 355-4380, WITHIN 2 WORKING DAYS OF YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS NOTICE. IF YOU ARE HEARING OR VOICE IMPAIRED, CALL 1-800-955-8771.

Form 611 EDP Rev 12/06