DIV : W

CASE NO :

50200BCF009381AXXXMB

ST OF FL VS.

JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN

Charges :

PROCURE PERSON UNDER AGE OF 18 FOR PROSTITUTION

ARREST # 2008039316 BOMO# TYPE

|  Date 6/10/09 Judge Colba H. Crtr Rep. S. McDron
ASA DC
Deft—Pres / Not Pres. W / W/O Def. Co. Shillman
Before the Court for: OTHER HEARING Mopas to interfere
OTHER HEARING
As Charged
☐ Granted ☐ Denied ☐ With / Without Prejudice ☐ Withdrawn ☐ Court Reserves Ruling ☑ Written Order to Follow  |
| --- |
|  ☐ Warrant ☐ Ordered ☐ Recalled ☐ Bond Set at $ ___________ ☐ See Below ☐ Also Covers ☐ Sp Cond
☐ Bond Forf ☐ OR: Disch/Revoked/Reinstated ☐ Bond: Disch/Revoked ☐ SOR: Disch/Revoked/Reinstated
☐ Bond Forf Vacated ☐ Previous Bond Reinstated, if Bondsman agrees ☐ State failed to file charges ☐ Released O.R. / S.O.R.  |
|  ☐ Deft ☐ Indigent ☐ PD Appt ☐ Hrg only PD Pres ___________ ☐ Court Appts ___________
Evaluation for: ☐ Drug Farm ☐ DOC Non-Secure Bed by ___________
☐ Pre-Plea ☐ PSI ordered by/within ___________ days ☐ w/input from DJJ / Staffing
☐ Referred to: PTI / SAAP / PADD ☐ Case placed on the absentee docket  |
|  DEFT ENTERED A PLEA OF: ☐ NOT GUILTY ☐ GUILTY ☐ NO CONTEST ☐ BEST INTEREST ☐ TO THE COURT
As Charged-Cts ___________ Lesser Cts ___________ Lesser Charge ___________
☐ Sw & Test ☐ Adv of Rts ☐ Waived PSI Lesser Cts ___________ Lesser Charge ___________  |
|  ☐ ADJ GUILTY as Charged as to Cts ___________ Lesser Cts ___________
☐ FOUND GUILTY as Charged as to Cts ___________ Lesser Cts ___________
☐ ADJ W/HELD as to Cts ___________ ☐ SENT W/HELD as to Cts ___________
☐ FOUND AND ADJUDICATED DELINQUENT as to Cts ___________ ☐ Dispo Order to follow / Filed
☐ FOUND & ADJ NOT GUILTY as to Cts ___________ ☐ Dismiss ☐ Nolle Prosse Cts ___________  |
|  Prob / Comm Control: ☐ Revoked ☐ Reinstated ☐ Modified ☐ Term. Successfully / Unsuccessfully
☐ Stip/Found: (violent) Habitual Off. 775.084 ☐ Stip/Found: Sexual Offender / Sexual Predator ☐ Stip/Found: P.R.R.
SENTENCE: PBCJ: ___________ Cts: ___________ / DOC: ___________ Cts: ___________
PBCJ: ___________ Cts: ___________ / DOC: ___________ Cts: ___________  |
|  ☐ W/Credit for ___________ Days / Mos. / Yrs. ☐ Deft Remanded ☐ Deft to remain on same rel. status pending sent.
Conc / Consec / Co-Term w/cases / cts: ___________  |
|  ☐ Execution of Sentence Stayed ☐ Sentence Suspended ☐ Time served as to Cts ___________
☐ Youthful Off ☐ Habitual Off ☐ Min / Mand: ___________ as to Cts ___________
☐ ABOVE SENTENCE TO BE FOLLOWED By: ☐ Probation ☐ Drug / Sex Off Prob ☐ Comm. Control ☐ I ☐ II - See Pg. 2
☐ DRIVERS LICENSE TO BE SUSPENDED / REVOKED FOR ___________ YEARS AS A RESULT OF THIS PLEA.  |

Motion to Intervene. Branded<br/>No action on motion to unseal

Motion Hearing Set / Remains Set / Reset 6-25-09 Div W Rm 11/1/09 AM/PM<br/>Set / Remains Set / Reset ___________ Div ___________ Rm ___________ at ___________ AM/PM

☐ Deft sign
☐ Def Co ___________ ☐ ASA ___________ ☐ Bondsman ___________<br/>☐ Prob ☐ Jail ☐ DJJ ☐ GAL Notified by mail by: ___________ on ___________ / ___________ / ___________<br/>County Courthouse<br/>205 N. Dixie, West Palm Beach<br/>☐ Courtroom, Criminal Justice Bldg.<br/>38844 State Road 80, Belle Glade<br/>☐ Courtroom, Criminal Justice Complex<br/>3228 Gun Club Rd., West Palm Beach

IF YOU ARE A PERSON WITH A DISABILITY WHO NEEDS ANY ACCOMMODATION IN ORDER TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROCEEDING, YOU ARE ENTITLED, AT NO COST TO YOU, TO THE PROVISION OF CERTAIN ASSISTANCE. PLEASE CONTACT MARY JAFFE, ADA COORDINATOR IN THE ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE OF THE COURT, PALM BEACH COUNTY COURTHOUSE, 205 N. DIXIE HWY, RM 5.2500, WEST PALM BEACH, FL 33401; TELEPHONE (561) 355-4380, WITHIN 2 WORKING DAYS OF YOUR RECEIPT OF THIS NOTICE. IF YOU ARE HEARING OR VOICE IMPAIRED, CALL 1-800-955-8771.

Form 611 EDP Rev 12/06

CEF ONLY