CASE NO. 2006CF000454AXX
DEPT. JEFFREY EPSTEIN
000001669361AXX

June 25, 2009

Jeffrey Colbath, Judge Presiding

Barbara Burns, Assistant State Attorney.

Defendant Not present in Court with Counsel, Jack Goldberger &amp; Robert Critton, Esq

Delvra Woods, Deputy Clerk Present.

Court Reporter, Susan Wiggins, Present.

Brad Edwards &amp; Bill Berger Attorney’s for [redacted]

Deanna Shullman Attorney for Palm Beach Post.

Spencer T. Kuvin Attorney for [redacted] in Civil Action.

Before the Court for Motion to Unseal Records &amp; Motion to Entervein.

Defense Counsel Jack Goldberger Presented Arguments to the Court.

Brad Edwards Attorney for [redacted] Presented Argument to the Court.

Spencer T. Kuvin Attorney for [redacted] in Civil Action Presented Argument to the Court.

Deanna Shullman Attorney for Palm Beach Post Presented Argument to the Court.

Defense Offered: ORDER, as Defense Ex. #1 in identification only.( Attorney Jack Goldberger)

Defense Offered: ORDER, as Defense Ex. #2 in identification only.(Attorney Jack Goldberger)

Defense Offered: VICTIMS PETITION FOR ENFORCEMENT OF CRIME VICTIM’S RIGHTS ACT. 18 U.S.C. SECTION 3771, as Defense Ex. #1 in identification only. (Attorney Brad Edwards)

SCAN
JUN 26 2009

Page 1 of 2

CASE NO. 2006CF009454AXX
DEPT. JEFFREY EPSTEIN
2008CF009381AXX

June 25, 2009 (cont'd)

State Attorney Presented Arguments to the Court.

Defense Jack Goldberger Presented Rebuttal Argument to the Court.

Motion to Unseal records granted
Written order to follow.

Motion to Entervein is granted

Jack Goldberger Motion to Stay Disclosure

SCANNED
JUN 26 2009

Page 2 of 2