IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS

FILED

August 25, 2022 01:16 PM

ST-2020-CV-00155

TAMARA CHARLES

CLERK OF THE COURT

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN

CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-2020-CV-00155

GHISLAINE MAXWELL,

Plaintiff,

VS.

ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company,

Defendants.

# VERIFIED STATEMENT OF KYLE R. WALDNER IN SUPPORT OF MOTION TO WITHDRAW

I, Kyle R. Waldner, pursuant to V.I.R.Civ.P. 84, state that:

1. I am an attorney at law licensed to practice before all Courts in the Virgin Islands.
2. I, through the law firm of Quintairos, Prieto, Wood &amp; Boyer, P.A. (collectively, the "Firm"), represent Plaintiff Ghislaine Maxwell (the "Client") in the captioned matter.
3. I have personal knowledge of the facts stated herein.
4. The Firm has notified the Client of its intent to withdraw from the representation in this matter, which efforts are accurately described in the Firm's Motion to Withdraw as Counsel for Plaintiff filed on August 25, 2022.
5. The Client has been advised to obtain new counsel, and will be provided, by U.S. Mail with a copy of the Firm's motion to withdraw pursuant to V.I. R. Civ. P. 6-5.

CIVIL CASE NO.: ST-2020-CV-00155
Page 2 of 2

I declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. Executed this 25th day of August, 2022.

/s/ Kyle R. Waldner
Kyle R. Waldner

2