IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS

FILED
August 02, 2022 06:12 PM
ST-2020-CV-00155
TAMARA CHARLES
CLERK OF THE COURT

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN

GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
Plaintiff,
v.
ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company
Defendants.

Case No. ST-20-CV-155

# NOTICE OF APPEARANCE

COMES NOW, pro hac vice-admitted counsel Daniel S. Ruzumna, of Patterson Belknap Webb &amp; Tyler, LLP, and hereby enters his appearance as Co-Counsel for Defendant Richard D. Kahn in his capacity as co-executor of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, and requests that copies of all further pleadings and filings be delivered to him at the address appearing below.

Dated: August 2, 2022

Respectfully,

/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna
Daniel S. Ruzumna, Esq.
V.I. Bar No. PHV4357
Patterson Belknap Webb &amp; Taylor, LLP
1133 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10583
Telephone: (212) 336-2034
Facsimile: (212) 336-1205
Email: druzumna@pbwt.com

/s/ Gordon C. Rhea
Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.¹
VI Bar No. 220
Gordon C. Rhea, PC
1533 Appling Drive
Mount Pleasant, SC 29464
340-244-8768
grhea@rpwb.com

¹ Added per VI ST DIST CT RCP Rule 5.4(h)(1).

2

# CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 2, 2022, I filed the foregoing, which complies with the page and/or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), with the Clerk of the Court using the Court’s electronic filing system and selected the “eService” method to automatically serve the following individuals:

Kyle Waldner, Esq.
Christopher Kroblin, Esq.
Shari N. D’Andrade, Esq.
Carol Thomas-Jacobs, Esq.
Andrew Heymann, Esq.
William L. Blum, Esq.

/s/ Daniel S. Ruzumna