IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS

FILED

March 04, 2022 05:36 PM

ST-2021-RV-00005

TAMARA CHARLES

CLERK OF THE COURT

# Exhibit 1

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
Division of St. Thomas/St. John
_______0_______

In the Matter of the Estate of:
) PROBATE CASE
) NO. ST-19-PB-0080
) ACTION FOR TESTATE
) ADMINISTRATION

JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN,
Deceased.

Official Transcript
FEBRUARY 4, 2020

BEFORE: THE HONORABLE CAROLYN P. H. PERCELL
Magistrate Judge Presiding

APPEARANCES: ARIEL SMITH, ESQ.,
PAMELA TEPPER, ESQ.,
Assistant Attorneys General
Department of Justice
GERS Building, Second Floor
St. Thomas, Virgin Islands
{ On Behalf of the Government}

William Blum, Esq.
Christopher Kroblin, Esq.
Marjorie Whalen, Esq.
Shari D'Andrade, Esq.
Andrew Tomback, Esq.
Daniel Weiner, Esq.
{On Behalf of the Co-Executors }

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
2

APPEARANCES (Cont'd) Douglas Chanco, Esq.
{On Behalf of Jennifer Araos}

Kevin D'Amour, Esq.,
{On Behalf of Maria Farmer,
Teresa Helm, Juliette Bryant,
Jane Doe 1,000 and Jane Doe}

Richard Bourne-Vanneck, Esq.
{On behalf of Tela Davis}

John Benham, Esq.,
{On Behalf of Jane Doe}

Melody Westfall, Esq.,
{On Behalf of Claimants
Jane Doe 1-12}

Sean Foster, Esq.,
{On Behalf of Anonymous Claimants

Probate ST-19-PB-0080

# I-N-D-E-X

Motion Re: Appointment of Appraisers...12
Motion Re: Appointment of Master...22
Motion Re: Fee Applications...36
Motion Re: Quarterly Accountings...49
Motion Re: Claims Resolution Program/
Criminal Activity Lien Notice...63

## WITNESSES DIRECT

Jordana Harris Feldman...103
Kenneth Feinberg...158

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
4

THE COURT: Good morning.
THE CLERK: Good morning. Probate calendar for Monday, February 4, 2020. Case Number 1, in the Matter of the Estate of Jeffrey Epstein, ST-19-PB-80.
THE COURT: Counsel.
ATTORNEY BLUM: Good morning, Your Honor. My name is Attorney William Blum. I'm Counsel for the Co-Executors of the estate of Jeffrey Epstein. I am accompanied today by Co-Counsel, Christopher Kroblin, Marjorie Whalen sitting at Counsel's table, as well as Shari D'Andrade sitting behind. Two mainland attorneys who have been admitted pro hac vice in this matter, Attorney Andrew Tomback at the end and Attorney Daniel Weiner.
If it please Your Honor, I would like to start by --
THE COURT: Attorney Blum, before you proceed, first off, Good morning to you. Good morning to Counsel. Do we have the pro hac admission documents to file with the Court? I'm going to ask that they be filed with the Court.
ATTORNEY BLUM: We'll do so, Your

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
5

Honor.

THE COURT: Well, they can just be filed in due course.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Okay.

THE COURT: Let me just first explain how we are going to work these proceedings today because this is an unusual probate proceeding, the Logistics of how Counsel is to come forward to address the Court. The estate counsels have been seated at Counsel's table.

What I am now going to ask is that Counsel for other parties come to the podium, identify themselves by names and their client. Then I'm going to ask you to return to the gallery. There are numerous motions before the Court pending for today. I put them in categories to be dealt with. It made sense to me to categorize the motions because it seems they fit into categories in my thinking.

As the motions are called by category, Counsel would then indicate, after the Estate has made its arguments to the Court, if Counsel wishes to be heard, by indication raise your hand and you come

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
6

forward. That is the only way the Court can
see how we are going to get through this today
to allow everyone to have an opportunity to
address the Court on the different issues.
Fair enough to everyone present in the
courtroom?

ATTORNEY BLUM: Thank you, Your
Honor.

THE COURT: Yes. Okay. Counsel
for claimants or other persons interested in
the estate, one at a time--I don't know how we
are going to do this.

ATTORNEY CHANCO: Good morning,
Your Honor. Douglas Chanco here today on
behalf of Claimant Jennifer Araos.

THE COURT: Attorney Chanco, are
you an attorney licensed here in the Virgin
Islands.

ATTORNEY CHANCO: Yes, Ma'am.

THE COURT: Never met you before.
Please to meet you, Sir.

ATTORNEY CHANCO: Thank you.

THE COURT: Do you mind spelling
your name for the Court so that Madam Clerk
could have everything correct there.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
7

ATTORNEY CHANCO: Absolutely.
D-O-U-G-L-A-S. C-H-A-N-C-O.

THE COURT: And you represent
which claimant?

ATTORNEY CHANCO: Jennifer Foster
Araos. A-R-A-O-S.

ATTORNEY D'AMOUR: Good morning,
Your Honor. Kevin D'Amour. I'm here on behalf
of--

THE COURT: Attorney D'Amour,
Good morning.

ATTORNEY D'AMOUR: --five
different claimants. I'm also here with two of
the state side Counsel that at some point may
want to address the Court, if they are
permitted.

THE COURT: Have they been
admitted?

ATTORNEY D'AMOUR: They have not
been admitted but their application is
pending.

THE COURT: Without the
admission, I don't believe they can address
the Court. They can address the Court through
you, attorney.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
8

ATTORNEY D'AMOUR: I understand, Your Honor. Our claimants are Ms. Maria Farmer, Teresa Helm, Juliette Bryant, and a claimant who has been identified as a Jane Doe 1,000.

Our other claimant --one moment -- is also identified as a Jane Doe but all the cases are pending in the Southern District of New York. Thank you, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Thank you, attorney D'Amour.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Good morning, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Good morning.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: I'm Melody Westfall of Westfall Law based in St. Croix, admitted in the Virgin Islands.

THE COURT: Melonie?

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Melody.

THE COURT: Melody.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Melody Westfall. W-E-S-T-F-A-L-L. I'm here on behalf of Claimants Jane Doe 1 through 12. Nine of those twelve have filed a Complaint in Supreme Court in New York by Jordan Merson, of Merson

Probate ST-19-PR-0080
9

Law, PLLC, and we will be submitting his pro hac vitae application.

THE COURT: Have you filed a notice of appearance with this Court?

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: On Friday we filed the motion to proceed anonymously and a notice of claim, and a claim for unliquidated-- for damages and on Monday, yesterday, we filed a motion to intervene.

THE COURT: In which District?

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: We filed it in St. Croix and they told us they would go over the documents.

THE COURT: It hasn't made it to the Court's file; it hasn't made it to my file. When you say in St. Croix, you were not one of the names that was relayed to me this morning so I don't have any of your documents before me at this time.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Thank you.

THE COURT: All right.

ATTORNEY FOSTER: Good morning, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Good morning, Sir.

ATTORNEY FOSTER: Sean Foster. I

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
10

represent approximately two dozen victims of Jeffrey Epstein, and we have filed a motion to proceed anonymously in this matter.

THE COURT: Okay. Good morning, Attorney Foster ATTORNEY SMITH: Good morning, Your Honor. Ariel Smith, Virgin Islands Department of Justice on behalf of the Government of the Virgin Islands. Before the Court we have a motion to intervene with a number of exhibits, but that is the only actual motion pending before this Court. Thank you.

THE COURT: Okay, Attorney Smith, Good morning.

ATTORNEY TEPPER: Good morning, Your Honor. Pamela Tepper, representing the Government of the Virgin Islands and as Co-Counsel has already stated, we have a motion before the Court.

THE COURT: Good morning, Attorney Tepper.

ATTORNEY BOURNE-VANNECK: Good morning, Your Honor. Richard Bourne-Vanneck on behalf of claimant Tela Davis. I'm admitted to practice in the Virgin Islands.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
11

THE COURT: Yes, Attorney Bourne-Vanneck. Good morning to you.
ATTORNEY BOURNE-VANNECK: Thank you.
Attorney Benham good morning, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Good morning, Attorney Benham.
ATTORNEY BENHAM: John Benham of the law offices of John H. Benham, PC. Yes, I am admitted to practice in the Virgin Islands.
THE COURT: Yes, Attorney Benham.
ATTORNEY BENHAM: I have appeared and I'm proceeding anonymously for Jane Doe. We have filed a creditor's claim combined with a motion to proceed by pseudonym that was filed on December 19th and it does appear on the docket. I have a copy of the docket sheet.
THE COURT: All right. Thank you. Has the Court now heard from all counsel who would like to be heard this morning?
The first motion that the Court will consider is the Motion For Appointment of Appraisers for real properties located in New

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
12

York, New Mexico and Florida.

This is a motion filed by the estate by the Co-Executors where they move the Court to appoint appraisers pursuant to Rule 12 A of the Virgin Islands Rules of Probate and Fiduciary Proceedings to appoint appraisers in the jurisdictions of New York, New Mexico, Florida to appraise the real property that may be of interest to this estate. Counsel?

ATTORNEY WHALEN: Good morning, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Good morning.

ATTORNEY WHALEN: The estate filed a--

THE COURT: Just state your name.

ATTORNEY WHALEN: My apologies.

Marjorie Whalen for the executors of the estate. The estate filed a motion for appointment of appraisers on January 17, 2020. This is a motion, Your Honor, to appoint three appraisers for three properties in three jurisdictions, in Florida, New Mexico and New York. Each of the three proposed appraisers have executed and submitted affidavits to the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
13

Court affirming that they are competent and qualified appraisers and that they are licensed in their jurisdictions.

The first appraiser is Bryan J. Rogers and he is proposed to appraise two properties in New York. He is a licensed appraiser and is Senior Vice President at Miller, Samuel, Inc., which is a New York based Real Estate Appraisal and Consulting firm.

And the second appraiser is Jim Connolly, and the executors seek his appointment to appraise real property in New Mexico. Mr. Connolly is a licensed appraiser as well and has also submitted his affidavit affirming his experience.

The third proposed appraiser is Michael R. Slade and the estate seeks to appoint him to appraise the property in Florida.

THE COURT: Are you completed with your argument or your information to the Court?

ATTORNEY WHALEN: Yes. We have submitted the affidavits and I believe we

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
14

submitted everything needed to appoint these
appraisers and we have not received any
objection or opposition to our request for
their appointment.

THE COURT: Let me see if there
is any Counsel who wishes to address that
motion for appointment of appraisers for real
properties located in New York, New Mexico and
Florida?

ATTORNEY SMITH: I would like
to --

THE COURT: Attorney Smith.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Good morning,
Your Honor. With regard to the motion --

THE COURT: Just identify
yourself. All Counsels, when you come to the
podium, again, identify yourselves by name,
please.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay. Attorney
Ariel Smith on behalf of the Government of the
Virgin Islands. With regard to the motion
that was made earlier before the Court and
filed prior to that, one of the questions we
would ask the Court to inquire of the executor
who owns the properties from which they're

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
15

seeking the appraisal and what interest do
they represent in the estate because that was
not clear from the motion nor the
representations before this Court.

THE COURT: Okay. Attorney Smith
and Attorney Whalen, Attorney Smith has nailed
what this Court, the concerns this Court has
concerning that motion - is that you are
seeking for the court to appoint appraisers
located in these jurisdictions. As I have it
in the petition that was filed, petition for
probate and for letters testamentary, The
estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein does not own any
real property. It's set forth --and I know
this is the initial petition, but it's set
forth that these properties in question are
owned by corporations for which the decedent
may have owned shares in the corporation.

So, the question would be: What is
it that we are seeking to value?

ATTORNEY SMITH: That's it.

THE COURT: Is it the real
property or is it the shares, his ownership of
the shares? And I would say because the Court
has no jurisdiction over real property located

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
16

outside of the jurisdiction, that is why the
Court usually does not have to appoint
appraisers located in any jurisdiction other
than the Virgin Islands.

And I know what you set forth as
the proposed rates for these appraisers. This
Court has a rate schedule for its appraisers
that begins at $400 and does not exceed $450
for reports to be shared by two persons.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, if
I might add that the first quarterly
accounting that was literally filed, I
believe, either Friday or yesterday, reflects
no real estate owned by the decedent.

THE COURT: And Attorney Smith
also, she is correct. In the first quarterly
accounting filed with the Court, filed
yesterday, the first quarterly accounting says
real property, none, and it provides a
schedule as to personal property and on that
schedule, valuation is provided for all the
corporate entities in which the decedent is
alleged to have owned 100 percent and I have
values for those.

So that's what the Court would

Probate ST-19-PR-0080 17

believe the Court would need. What is the
value of the shares held by the decedent - not
to appraise the real property located in these
jurisdictions because I would have no idea
what is proposed by these appraisers is fair
and reasonable. Attorney Blum.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Attorney William
Blum for the Co-Executors of the estate of
Jeffrey Epstein. Your Honor, the real
properties that we are seeking to be appraised
are each found in separate corporations that
are Virgin Islands corporations. Those are the
only substantial assets of each of those
corporations.

So for us to be able to evaluate
these stocks of these corporations, we need -
someone needs- to make a determination as to
what is the value of the underlining real
estate. Now if Your Honor is suggesting that
we should make our own decision as to how to
evaluate the property that's owned by these
corporations, we would do so and then we would
use that as evidence of the value of the
stocks and perhaps if required, we could have
a separate appraiser who could affirm that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
18

although it is sort of fairly obvious.

THE COURT: Well, Attorney Blum, I'm saying if the shares are what is owned by the estate --

ATTORNEY BLUM: Correct.

THE COURT: The V.I. Corporations, I'm assuming, they are still in operation and have corporate government, whether Officers, Board of Directors, continuing to function that-- someone needs to make sure that their cell phone or whatever electronic device they have is turned off--it also would seem to me these corporations would have had annual reports, tax returns, something that would be able to value what the value of the shares held.

What I am addressing is the motion to appoint appraisers to appraise real property when I have the decedent does not own any real property and any appraisal that I sent or gave an order to would have been for real property located here in the Virgin Islands. So as it pertains to-- Attorney Smith?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, Your Honor.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
19

I would just ask, I think what is --Well, or
what the Court may want to inquire of is which
of the companies that was owned by the
decedent own these real properties since
that's what they are suggesting is the case.
That is not clear in the motion.

THE COURT: But it's set out in
the petition for probate: 10,000 shares of
Maple, Inc., a U.S. Virgin Islands corporation
which holds title to Nine East 71 Street, New
York.

10,000 shares of Cypress, Inc.,
a U. S. Virgin Islands Corporation which holds
title to 49 Zorro Ranch Road, Stanley, New
Mexico;

10,000 shares of Laurel, Inc., a
U.S. Virgin Islands Corporation which holds
title to property located in Palm Beach,
Florida;

999 shares of SCIJEP, a french
company which holds title to some real
property located in Paris;

10,000 shares of Poplar, Inc., a
U.S. Virgin Islands corporation which holds
title to Great St. James Island.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
20

10,000 shares of Nautilus, Inc., a U. S. Virgin Islands corporation which holds title to Little St. James Island.

So it's set out in the petition. So it would seem to me that's what the Court -- and in the petition and the filing, there was an estimated value provided for what those shares would be so the Court sees no reason, the Court would need to appoint an appraiser to appraise the real property. That information should be to be given by the corporation, the Officers, from whether your annual report to verify it, and in your quarterly accountings in the petition, we had values presented, the first quarterly accounting again has values presented so the Court will deny the motion for the appointment for the appraiser for the real property located in New York, New Mexico and Florida. So that motion is denied.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Your Honor, if I may, nevertheless, the estate will need to appraise those properties, at least for estate tax purposes in order to provide appropriate value for the estate tax returns.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
21

THE COURT: The properties or the shares?

ATTORNEY BLUM: The shares of stock, the companies that owns the stock, that owns the real property. Those are going to be listed in the estate tax returns.

THE COURT: And I'm saying to you, these are corporations functioning--

ATTORNEY BLUM: Yes.

THE COURT: With Officers, Board of Directors who can do whatever is needed as a corporate structure to valuate the shares owned by its shareholders.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Thank you, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, I would just say that this is kind of an extraordinary circumstance because it appears that in a number of these corporations the decedent was the sole shareholder and I'm concerned as to what that might suggest to the estate what they are able to do without input from the Court.

THE COURT: What I'm saying is I

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
22

have it that these are corporations. I'm
assuming corporations that are operating
according to Virgin Islands corporate law or
any jurisdiction where they have been created.
Corporations having a creation separate and
apart from the shareholders or from the
estate.

The estate is saying we own
shares in these corporations. The Court at
this point does not know how the co-executors
are involved with the corporations. I'm
assuming the corporations are operating
separate and apart from the estate because
they are corporations. Unless I have something
different to inform me, I'm taking the
decedent own shares in the listed
corporations- whether he own 100 percent, it
is still entities separate and apart from his
estate. Okay, Attorney Blum?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Thank you.
ATTORNEY BLUM: Yes, Your Honor.
THE COURT: All right. Next motion
that was filed on August 30, 2019. Motion for
the appointment of a Master pursuant to Virgin
Islands Rule of Civil Procedure 53 in which

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
23

the Executors--co-executors move to appoint a master, which in summary they set out to assist the Court with what they believe would be a complicated probate proceeding.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Attorney Kroblin.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Thank you, Your Honor.

THE COURT: I said your name but for the record.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes.

Christopher Kroblin on behalf of the executors of the estate of Jeffrey Epstein. Your Honor, we submitted this motion in anticipation of this estate involving much more work than the average estate pending before this Court and in particular to deal with a couple of issues, one of which --and an important one --is dealing with administrative costs of the estate, particularly attorney fees that needs Court approval.

We've submitted now four different fee applications and we have, I believe, two more that will be filed this week

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
24

and another one or two next week. So that brings it to about a total of eight fee applications and they are ongoing.

For a little background, Your Honor, we have not addressed yet, there are numerous lawsuits pending in the United States. There are some 32 Plaintiffs that have filed suits in different lawsuits and we have retained, the estate has retained Counsel traveling to represent the estate in the defense of those lawsuits, most all being filed in New York at this time and some other ones.

So Your Honor, the estate has urgent need to appear in these matters and defend the matters. They are currently, you know, in progress. I guess at this junction none of them have really gone to the discovery phase yet but we understand if they were to go under discovery which is imminent, that the costs would skyrocket for the representation of the estate.

So the need to timely approve the fee applications, we find to be highly important particularly with the number of

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
25

lawsuits pending and the matter of attorney fees the estate has sustained in defense of these lawsuits. That's the reason we've asked that the Court consider the appointment of a Master to assist with those fee applications and he may also be able to potentially assist with other issues the Court may have or want to refer to the Master. We've proposed Britain Bryant who is here in the courtroom with us today.

THE COURT: Attorney Bryant.
ATTORNEY BRYANT: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Good morning, Sir.
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: And Your Honor, he is the oldest practitioner in the Virgin Islands Bar currently.

(Laughter)

THE COURT: Oldest practitioner? I don't think that is what you want to say, sir. He might be the longest serving practitioner. I think that is what you want to say, the longest practice.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: That is correct, That is correct. And Your Honor, he

Probate ST-19-PH-0080
26

is, you know obviously, he has many years of experience, and has been more recently a partner in a large firm in the Virgin Islands and he is used to dealing with you know, engagement of attorneys and fee applications and knows how they are submitted under the Virgin Islands Court rules and we submit that he would be of assistance to the Court to prepare reports for the Court's consideration, you know, to review the fees, all the entries, the rates, and make a recommendation to Your Honor that may assist in moving these fee applications along so the Court can't be bogged down with that. We know there are many more other complicated issues that this Court is going to have to deal with and that are being presented in this estate and we think that it would be of great assistance to the more routine fee applications to have assistance.

We filed our application pursuant to Virgin Islands Rules of Civil Procedure 53 which we believe the probate rules allow to look to the Rules of Civil Procedure when there's no rule on point in the

Probate ST-19-PR-0080
27

probate rules. Rule 53 lays out the
requirements for the appointment of a Master.
In particular, Rule 53 authorizes the
appointment of a Master to address pretrial
and posttrial matters that cannot be
effectively and timely addressed by an
available Judge or Magistrate Judge.

Your Honor, we believe that
this would help address this aspect of the
case and move the fee applications along, some
of which have been pending for sometime now.
Particularly the Troutman Sanders fee
application. There are two now pending with a
third on its way.

THE COURT: Let me ask you this,
Attorney Kroblin.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes.

THE COURT: What fee application
comes before this Court? Which are the ones
that have been presented to this Court sitting
in probate?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: I believe any--
the Court's order, when the initial order was
entered, required that all estate attorney
fees be approved by this Court.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
28

THE COURT: Estate attorney fees?
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: A-hem.
THE COURT: Estate attorneys.

Who are the estate attorneys? What law firm
is the estate attorney?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Well, Your
Honor, my law firm, of course, is representing
the estate and the administration of the
estate but with regard to the lawsuits filed
in New York, the co-executors have been sued
on behalf of the estate, essentially. They
have been sued in a number of lawsuits and
those co-executors have gone out and retained
Counsel to represent them in the lawsuit, to
represent the estate in the lawsuit, and so we
believe that those attorneys require approval
of this Court to be paid. If they do not, then
we've resolved an issue, Your Honor, but if
they do and in an abundance of caution, we've
asked, you know, for approval from Your Honor
to not be in violation of the order.

THE COURT: All right. Thank you,
Sir. Is there anyone wishing to be heard on
the appointment of the Master?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, Your Honor.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
29

THE COURT: You know what. Also, I looked for the appointment of the Master to also assist in the settlement of claims, but wouldn't that be addressed under that Voluntary Claims Program?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor, we filed the motion for the Master prior to filing the motion for that so we were unsure how things would necessarily shake out, if you will --

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: --in the Voluntary Claims Program, our motion, so we submit that if we do have a Master appointed, you know, it could possibly come into play at some point. It would be useful in assisting with that in some manner, but I think it would depend on how the Court considers to use the claims program and how it is actually structured and put together in the end.

THE COURT: Okay. Thank you, Sir. Attorney Smith.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes.

THE COURT: Just again, identify yourself.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
30

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, I would, Your
Honor. Ariel Smith again on behalf of the
Government of the Virgin Islands.

First of all, Your Honor, we
have the utmost confidence in your ability to
handle this probate estate.

THE COURT: I'm glad you do.

ATTORNEY SMITH: The utmost. You
have had several years working in probate and
you're excellent in that particular area of
law so we would object just on those grounds.

Notwithstanding that, we have
some additional concerns. One, it appears that
the estate is seeking to use the decedent's
estate to pay expenses that--let me rephrase
this.

The Court is correct that the
Court would evaluate fee applications relating
to estate attorneys' expenses. The expenses
that they are seeking to have paid are
relating to lawsuits which are not necessarily
expenses that are in the ordinary course of
the business or expenses that are directly
related to the running and the preservation of
the estate.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
31

So I think the proper course of action should have been when the lawsuits are filed, the Court needs to be immediately informed as to what is going on, a proper motion be brought before the Court and then they ask for the ability to retain Counsel as opposed to retaining Counsel and saying, Your Honor, we need to pay these fees.

We're concerned about those types of actions without the Court's authority-- the Court's permission being sought that would ultimately dissipate the estate prematurely without this Court having full knowledge of exactly what's going on.

THE COURT: But wouldn't the Court have knowledge because the executors are required to file quarterly accountings.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, first of all, the executors have not even filed an inventory so at this point, as we sit here this morning, this Court nor the executors based on the first quarterly accounting, know exactly what the assets are within this estate.

THE COURT: And if I understand

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
32

it, they didn't file the inventory because they were waiting for the appointment of the appraisers; they believed the appraisal was necessary. We do have the first quarterly accounting.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Well, Your Honor, if you look at what they provided as the first quarterly accounting, there's a number of assets which they indicate to be undeterminable that are right after the statement that there's no real property and then there's a number.

THE COURT: Determined by appraisal.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Right, but those are assets that are related to personal property; meaning, watches, jewelry-- not the real estate that they were suggesting as part of their earlier motion. So it's a different evaluation that needs to be done to fully have the Court understand what this estate consists of. So we believe that the first quarterly accounting is premature and not complete. There are a number of issues with it that we can talk about when the Court gets to that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
33

motion. I don't want to be premature with that but as far as a Special Master, we don't think it's necessary and we think that we have to be careful in this estate in having the executors make decisions about expending estate assets without previously seeking permission by the Court and it's also clear in the quarterly accounting that they have already begun to do so.

THE COURT: Well, under the terms of the Last Will and Testament of Jeffrey E. Epstein dated August 8 of 2019 which was admitted into court at Paragraph C (1), "the testator specifically authorizes his executors to appoint agents, attorneys of law, consultants, investment advisors and to pay for such services from the assets of my estate without obtaining judicial authorization or approval". The testator specifically provided for that.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor--

THE COURT: Let me continue.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: When the Court issued the order, the Court's order, which is a

Probate ST-19-PM-0080
34

standing order issued in every estate provided
that attorney fees should not be paid--and
this was an order dated September 6 of 2019
--it provided that the co-executors shall not
pay from decedent's estate any attorneys fees
or co-executors fees for services rendered to
the estate without prior approval of this
Court. It contemplates Virgin Islands Rule of
Probate Procedure, Rule 18, that provides in
part, Simultaneously with the filing of the
final account, an administrator, executor or
attorney shall make application to the Court
for an award of fees and costs where
appropriate for services performed in the
execution or administration of an estate.

The fee petition shall clearly
state the hourly rate for fees charged for
services rendered, an explanation of the
services provided and specific dates and time
spent performing such service identified in
the petition.

The Probate Court reviews the
fees and expenses of probate counsel, estate
counsel because that is the work that is
before this Court-- whether in filings to the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
35

Court, appearances before the Court, so the Court can then make a determination whether the fees sought, and the time expended was reasonable given the nature of the estate.

This Court does not review as the co-executor who had the fiduciary duty to represent the estate and preserve and protect its assets, the Court does not then, when an executor has to hire a counsel for a civil proceeding, a counsel to represent the estate, say with the bank and a mortgage proposal, then say you have to now come in for me to review those fees because I don't have that work before me to determine if it's reasonable. It's estate counsel the Court reviews the fee application of and that has been the practice of this Court, of the Probate Division.

ATTORNEY SMITH: I understand that, Your Honor. This particular case also presents a unique circumstance in that on January 17th, based on the filing of a CICO action there was notice given to the Probate Court with regard to the Government's lien in an effort to preserve the assets of the estate

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
36

based on the pending CICO litigation. So I think that particular event --

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY SMITH: --changed, to some extent, the Court's oversight over this estate.

THE COURT: And I agree and that is something we are going to have to flesh out if this hearing continues this morning--what now happens when now the Government having filed that lien, but to address that lien, correct, and to address whatever civil proceeding the Government is going to file, would not the co-executors have to retain counsel?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Well, the co-executors have been served and counsel for that proceeding has not made an appearance. So to that end, we can address it when the need arises.

THE COURT: Okay. I'm going to pick up the attorneys fees in this matter. I'm going to go to that now. And I have right now concerning the appointment of a Master and I understand what is set forth, I'm going to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
37

deny the appointment of the Master without prejudice. This Court, while there maybe quite a number of filings; it may be a different type of probate proceedings, I still see it as a probate where persons have to, the co-executors are going out to defend the estate but as a probate, filing the quarterly accountings, filing the inventory, keeping the Court apprised as to what's going on. The Court is not going to intervene in what may be happening in New York. I have no authority to do that. The report would be mailed back to me that these matters have been settled.

Should we go and set up the voluntary resolution program, it would be settled from there. The co-executors have started to convert assets because they have the authority of law to do that. I see in the quarterly accountings notations that properties, vehicles may have been sold and converted to cash; am I correct?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Right.

THE COURT: As the co-executors, they have the authority by statute and by the decedent's Last Will and Testament to do that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
38

and all they are doing is keeping the Court aware of where the assets are, how they are being used.

So the ruling on the Master is denied without prejudice at this point in the proceedings.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Thank you, Your Honor. If I may just for my client's sake just so to make sure that I understand the ruling of the Court because the Order did say, "the co-executors shall not pay from decedent's estate any attorneys' fees and co-executor's fees for services rendered to the estate without prior approval of the Court."

Is it my understanding that we know that only applies to the firm representing the estate and these proceedings have not --

THE COURT: That have always been my understanding as a Practitioner in Probate when I practiced probate law and the time that I'm sitting on the bench because the Court cannot--I would tie your hands if each and every time you had to come before me to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
39

ask, can this be done? You set forth here in the motion for approval for Trotman and Saunders.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: I believe he was retained during the decedent's lifetime. If I understand the reading, the co-executors are seeking to pay for services that were rendered to the decedent; am I correct?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: No, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: I'm sorry.

THE COURT: Okay. Let me hear it.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: We did do that, Your Honor. We did make payments for services rendered during his lifetime.

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: The only thing we've sought the Court's approval for is after he died the services that were then retained by the co-executors to represent the estate.

THE COURT: But for matters when he was alive, he was facing, there was a federal--

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
40

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Uhmm--well, there was a--

THE COURT: Listen here. Don't say no. Let me get it. United States versus Jeffrey Epstein, 19 Criminal 490 Southern District of New York. This is the motion for approval of payment of Steptoe and Johnson, LLP, an Incorporated Memorandum of Law. During his lifetime he retained the law firm to provide necessary legal representation. Upon decedent's death, the Federal criminal case proceeded until August 29th at 2019 and Steptoe's representation discontinued shortly thereafter.

So then I have a fee affidavit for that, correct?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: So the decedent had retained him in his lifetime to represent him. He died. They continued representation. Now they're seeking to be paid; am I correct as to that?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: They're seeking to be paid only for the post-death

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
41

fees incurred. The pre-death fees, the
executors went ahead and paid.

THE COURT: Right, but now for what
they did to bring this matter to conclusion,
correct?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Correct, Your
Honor.

THE COURT: I do not see that the
Probate Court--this is not the kind of fees
I'm reading that the Probate Court is said
needed to come before the Probate Court for
approval.

So as it pertains to the
motion for approval of Steptoe and Johnson,
Trotman and Saunders--and again, Trotman and
Saunders, then it was renewed with additional
fees, and it is my understanding that Trotman
Saunders, LLP, is representing the estate in
New York for these numerous cases that have
been filed by the alleged victims of sexual
assault, correct.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Correct, Your
Honor.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, if I
may just for clarification, I am not sure how

Probate ST-19-PM-0080
42

the legal fees requested by these firms are
any different than creditors claim.

THE COURT: You know how they are
different? I'm going to tell you. They are
different pursuant to Title 15, Virgin Islands
Code, Section 568, "an executor or
administrator shall be allowed in the
settlement of his account all necessary
expenses incurred in the care, management and
settlement of the estate, including reasonable
attorneys fees and any necessary litigation or
matter requiring legal advice or Counsel.

When we appoint executors or any
person of fiduciary capacity, we want to make
sure that this person can complete his or her
fiduciary responsibilities to the Court. The
person is given all rights to go and retain
Counsel because the Court says he is taking an
oath to protect the assets of the estate.

The fiduciary, the co-executor
goes out and retains Counsel to litigate, to
represent the estate - whether it's in an
automobile accident case, whether it's in a
mortgage foreclosure - wherever the estate is
now being sued, and the Court says by statute,

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
43

Virgin Islands law says the Legislature has determined that executor is allowed the attorney fees in the necessary litigation and where he needed the legal advice of Counsel.

Legal advice of Counsel was needed, is needed in these ongoing matters pending in New York. The executors, the co-executors have retained Counsel to represent the estate. I'm going to assume the co-executors is going to retain Counsel to represent the estate in the action the Government is going to file against them.

What the probate Court reviews is the expenses of probate administration, part of which includes, whether it's paid to estate counsel - in this instance, the firm of Kellerhauls, right?

Before me I have a motion for approval of Kellerhauls, Ferguson, Kroblin, PLLC, Interim payment application Number 1 in which they set out, which they are seeking fees where they provided to the estate in the administration of the probate estate from August 11, 2019 to October 31st of 2019. They are seeking for this Court to approve those

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
44

fees. Those are the fees that this Court has before it where they are required to set out the date, time, and service provided.

Now on review of these fees, which was provided to the Court by Order, they had to submit to the Court. Upon my review of these fees, I'm going to deny your motion for approval of these fees. Number 1, this Court does not enter interim orders for fees because then it requires the Court to be keeping an accounting system of what fees have been paid or not paid. This is three months. August 11th to October 31st of 2019.

Also, in your fee affidavit, Counsel is to provide date, time, service provided. When I opened what is termed a pre-bill, the bills are seriously redacted. I, as the Officer charged with reviewing this fee affidavit to determine if the fees are reasonable, cannot determine what services were provided by your law firm in the probate administration.

Let's begin. September 23rd of 2019, attention to--redacted. Reviewed--redacted. What was reviewed? Legal research

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
45

and preparation of--redacted. Telephone conference with Co-Counsel reviewed--redacted. There are numerous redactions. How do I know was this work necessary for the probate administration customary that the Court would find needed for probate? You don't provide the services provided.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: And Your Honor, we would be happy to submit an un-redacted version for in-camera review. The reason it was redacted is because we believe that it contained attorney-client privilege information that we didn't believe was appropriate to waive.

So Your Honor, we submitted it in a redacted form and we were going to request what the Court wanted, once we got some guidance on how the Court wanted to proceed on fee applications, to submit an in-camera un-redacted version.

THE COURT: Even if I wanted to approve this motion, I couldn't. I don't have information. I don't know what you did on behalf of the estate because it's struck out. How is it that I don't understand

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
46

attorney-client privilege, research on probate procedures and you know what, that is your decision.

You understand why I am not going to approve this motion for interim fees at this time by your law firm.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Your Honor, if I may, I understand the Court's ruling and I think we filed a motion for reconsideration on the interim payment of fees. We believe it has been done in the past in states we've represented.

THE COURT: I'm not saying it has not been done. I said this Court does not enter interim fee orders. This Court does not enter interim fee orders.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Okay, Your Honor. We respectfully will request to file a motion brief consideration on that ruling, but I understand your ruling.

THE COURT: You can do that.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Thank you.

THE COURT: And I'm going to tell you, doing this cursive review, I picked up one page, November 14 of 2019, I see one

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
47

attorney, 17 hours in one day. Right.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: You understand that is the kind of-- now, that is what comes before me and I can sit down and say I see this probate file. I know what's required to be filed and done in a probate. I have seen the attorneys, and that is why it is the probate fees that are reviewed by this Court and I can look and say, well, what could an attorney have done for 17 hours - just one day, one attorney--this is August 16 of 2019 --for 17 hours?

That's why the Court reviews the probate fees or the fees generated for probate administration. So this motion for approval for Kellerhauls is denied without prejudice at this point in time.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Thank you.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, one of the concerns that we have with regard to preserving the estate assets is the same concern that the Court just raised. I understand the Court's position pursuant to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
48

your reading of Virgin Islands law as to the
attorney fees outside of the probate petition
or the probate estate that would not require
consideration by this Court but to the extent
that even in this initial accounting, there
are literally no vouchers, nothing to
support --

THE COURT: And I will bring
that up. I will bring that up when we get
there. I know they filed the quarterly
accounting --and I have a note that the
quarterly accounting is deficient.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Significantly
so, Your Honor.

THE COURT: And when
co-executors file deficient quarterly
accountings or are not doing their accounting
work as the Court requires, the Court has a
process in which the Court can remove the
co-executors or in some way impose a penalty
on the co-executors. The testator in his will
provided for these co-executors to be paid
executors fees. If the Court were to find the
co-executors dilatory in their duties, the
Court could reduce those fees or not award any

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
49

fees.

So there are ways the Court can
deal with co-executors or administrators who
the Court does not believe is completing or
fulfilling their fiduciary duties, but we are
not at that point as yet.

Concerning the motions for
Trotman Saunders and Steptoe Johnson, the
Court does not believe it needs to approve
those fees. Those attorneys are being hired to
represent the estate in the civil proceedings.
These matters are not before the Court. The
co-executors have been charged with their
fiduciary duties to preserve and protect the
estate and that means taking on litigation,
determining if they need to hire Counsel.

The only Counsel this Court
reviews the application of is probate Counsel
and then in your quarterly accounting
everything will be set forth as to what is
being expended. Persons can raise objections.
Okay. Have we dealt with the fee Ap?

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Understood.
THE COURT: Okay. Now what's left
before the Court--well, you know what? Let's

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
50

deal with the quarterly accounting that was
filed because then based again on how I put
things in categories, the last category
remaining will be this claims program, right?

Concerning the first quarterly
accounting that was filed with the Court on
August 31st of 2020, Counsel, again, as the
Government have pointed out, the items listed,
the need to be determined--it says, determine
by appraisal and this first quarterly
accounting covers August 10th of 2019 to
December 31st of 2019. Right? It's signed by
the co-executors.

This is the problem I had when
I reviewed it. Again, heavily redacted as to
the bank statements. Then you have copies of
checks I can't even read.

Attorney Blum, do you see the
First Bank, Voucher 1, First Bank. Attached
is a check redacted as to who received
$16,000. The text is so small, I cannot read
them. And pursuant to Rule 5, each expenditure
is to be supported by proper documentation.
For example, we have the funeral expenses,
correct?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
51

ATTORNEY BLUM: Correct.

THE COURT: Let me get there.

Funeral expenses I guess this is to the home, 16,308, it doesn't say what entity. Usually you would have then the supporting invoice.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Your Honor, to the extent that the vouchers are insufficient, we will be happy to re-submit.

THE COURT: Right. The expenditures, specifically by that Rule 15, provides every expenditure or other disposition of assets must be supported by proper documentation. So, right, Co-Executors might have issued a check and then I see the check redacted as to who the check may have been made payable to you and no supporting documentation as to why the checks are issued. That is just one example. It's very hard for the Court then to determine if these are probate related or justifiable expenditures by the estate. And I think that is the Government's objection, the objection the Government has.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Your Honor, we believe when we prepared the vouchers that the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
52

bank statements would be sufficient.

Obviously, the canceled check are difficult to
read and probably --

THE COURT: Okay, you agree with
me. I thought it was just me.

ATTORNEY BLUM: No, it's
difficult for me as well but we'd ask that we
do need to redact account numbers which I
assume is not an issue for the Court so long
as it provides proper--

THE COURT: Well, you know what--

ATTORNEY BLUM: --detail as--

THE COURT: I'm going tell you this
about--

ATTORNEY BLUM: --to the payees.

THE COURT: Sorry, not to
over-speak you.

ATTORNEY BLUM: It's all right.

THE COURT: At some point you are
going to need to provide those account numbers
because of the final adjudication. That is
what we are adjudicating, if these accounts
are still in existence.

ATTORNEY BLUM: We will do so to
that extent, at the end.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
53

THE COURT: To the end, that's fine.

ATTORNEY BLUM: We are just concerned about security with respect to this particular decedent.

THE COURT: That's fine. I mean the only payee I can read here is the Government of the Virgin Islands on these checks. That is the only payee I can see there. I can follow the electronic fund transfers, say, I guess, to Verizon, ADT, and I guess may be just saying there's ongoing with Verizon, whatever is needed for that, but some of these others, I can't even see the amount.

So as far as this Court's quarterly accounting, when would you be able to provide an appraisal as to the personal property listed?

ATTORNEY BLUM: We are still in the process, Your Honor, of hiring appraisers. There are a lot of very valuable assets in this estate and personal property that was owned by the decedent or his companies.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
54

Based on Your Honor's ruling earlier, we will re-evaluate to the extent to which any of the personal property may have been owned by an entity, but to the extent that they were owned by the decedent, we are dealing with some valuable antiques and valuable jewelry and a lot of assets in a lot of places that we have located, but we still are having to employ appropriate appraisers to take care of that. We are in the process and we will continue to do so.

THE COURT: Attorney Smith.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, Your Honor. Ariel Smith on behalf of the Government of the Virgin Islands. In addition to the concerns that have been previously raised with regard to the lack of vouchers supporting the checks, I'd like to draw the Court's attention to, in particular, the page that states--let me see if I can get it correct here--Your Honor, it says, statement of decreases due to sales, liquidation and payment of expenses.

THE COURT: What page?

ATTORNEY SMITH: It would be -- when you look for the one that says Schedule

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
55

D, it purports to be, I guess an indication of expenses. After you go to Schedule D, you go to the third page in. The pages are not numbered so it's difficult for us.

THE COURT: Yes, it's very difficult. Guide me again.

Attorney Blum, are you there? I have the Certificate of Service.

ATTORNEY SMITH: The Schedule C which is a statement of income collected.

THE COURT: Yes.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay. The next page after that was to be Schedule D.

THE COURT: Statement of decreases due to sales, liquidation and payment of expenses. Okay.

ATTORNEY SMITH: If you go to the third page in of that, so that first page is Schedule D and the second page and then you get to the third page.

THE COURT: Yes.

ATTORNEY SMITH: And this, of course, Your Honor, we have not had an opportunity since we literally received this

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
56

by mail yesterday afternoon at 5 0'clock when
the other parties who are apart of the case
received theirs by email earlier that day, so
we did not even get the courtesy of a hand
delivery or an e-mail, but notwithstanding
that, in looking at that, you see two expenses
- one for twelve million dollars to Southern
Country International Limited; another one for
3.5 million to Southern Country International
Limited. From what I understand, these are
not attorneys so I'm not sure why they would
be getting checks that total fifteen million
five hundred dollars.

There's no explanation for it
with regard to Schedule F which is a couple of
pages later and again, Your Honor, this is
just a very quick review, we see there's a
statement of creditors claims that they say
have been presented, allowed and paid.

Now deferring to the Court's
interpretation of 15 VIC 560 that relates to
attorneys fees I would want to know what would
be the authority for the executors to pay what
they have even classified as creditors claims
without the authority of this Court.

Probate ST-19-FB-0080
57

THE COURT: The V.I. Statute.
Claims--
ATTORNEY SMITH: Well, I
understand that--
THE COURT: You asked a question.
ATTORNEY SMITH: Right.
THE COURT: Claims presented to
the executors are examined and if approved are
paid by the co-executor. If rejected, then
they come before the Court.
ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, Your
Honor, but I see three of these, a number of
these claims are debt claims but there is a
specific claim which is to the Epstein Virgin
Islands Foundation doing business as Enhanced
Education, where is the invoice or whatever to
support that?
THE COURT: That is why I think I
just talked to Attorney Blum and he indicated
that he will provide the documentation. Just
like you, I got this first quarterly
accounting yesterday. Just like you, I picked
it up and said, it does not provide the
information necessary for the Court to
determine if these expenditures are proper

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
58

expenditures.

I told Attorney Blum the rules require the documentation to be attached. So now he knows. He has to amend, this first quarterly accounting needs to be amended to provide the documentation to explain what has been paid. And that is all I can do at this point.

ATTORNEY SMITH: I understand that, Your Honor. I am just concerned about what would appear to be a course of conduct. That's all I would just say to that matter.

THE COURT: Okay and now you are going to be copied on all the quarterly accountings. The Government has now filed its Criminal Activity Lien Notice, I believe, on the estate. So the estate now knows this affects everything going forward. Attorney Blum.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Just to re-confirm, Your Honor, we will amend the accounting and to the extent that there are issues, what we would suggest to the Court is that we could have a separate hearing with respect to approval of the accounting if it's

Probate ST-19-PS-0080
59

necessary.

THE COURT: Well, the accounting is not approved as yet. You just continue to submit your accounting but you need to have-- Attorney Smith is correct, twelve million dollars. I mean--you know what? Given the size of this estate maybe that's not significant. It's still twelve million dollars to Southern Country International Limited with no information.

ATTORNEY BLUM: And the short explanation, Your Honor, is there was a mistake in deposit that was made and this was the reimbursement of that.

THE COURT: Reimbursement? So this money came back?

ATTORNEY BLUM: It came back, yes. I mean, you can see --

THE COURT: Where?

ATTORNEY BLUM: Right in the same spot you were looking at.

THE COURT: A check? You know what?

ATTORNEY BLUM: Two point six came in and 11 came in, and 12 came out and -- -

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
60

THE COURT: You are right and then
it became, it's less.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Yes and that was
one point eight.

THE COURT: But you see --

ATTORNEY BLUM: You need more
information, Your Honor. We understand.

THE COURT: If the documents were
attached, it would have explained it. You
are right, following this, it went in and came
back.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Right. It was
because of a mistake as to where the monies
went and that is why it was corrected. Your
Honor, we'll provide that detail with the
amended quarterly accountings.

THE COURT: Because it's required.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Of course.

THE COURT: It is required. By the
probate rules, it's required.

Anything else concerning the
quarterly accounting and all quarterly
accountings going forward.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, I
would just ask -- Ariel Smith, Government of

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
61

the Virgin Islands. I would just ask that we
be able to brief the issues as they come up
because, again, we have not had a real
opportunity to do more than a cursory review
of it and we'd like to be able to do that so
any concerns that we have with regard to the
first accounting which the Court has not
approved, we'd like an opportunity --

THE COURT: We don't approve the
accounting. The attorney has said he is going
to--and you raised concern -- he is going to
amend his quarterly accounting.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, could
you inquire as to when we would be able to
expect that?

THE COURT: He is going to amend
his quarterly accounting and timely file it as
he is required to file quarterly accountings
every three months.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Well, no. I
understand that, Your Honor, but to the extent
that the first accounting had some issues, is
it going to be amended in a short period of
time before the second accounting or is it
going to be simply amended in the second

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
62

accounting? I think we would want to have
some clarification on that.

THE COURT: Attorney Blum.
ATTORNEY BLUM: Well, the latest
would be by the second quarterly accounting.

THE COURT: That's what I'm
saying, quarterly accountings from the date of
the appointment every three months thereafter.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Well, to keep it
straight, we'll amend this one and file the
next one and if we can file the amended
version of this sooner than the second one, we
shall.

THE COURT: You know, Attorney
Smith.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Probate may be
different than other matters that you have
been involved with. Okay. You have to give
the time for the co-executors to gather the
information to attach it. Now through Counsel,
the co-executors are aware of what's required.
If they were not aware before, they are now
aware of how to file a quarterly accounting
and what documentations need to be attached.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
63

Right. Rule 15.

And the consequences of failing to file your quarterly accountings as set out in Rule 16, in which I explained, they can be brought before the Court on a show cause, Attorney Smith, and you can move for this Court to cause them to come before the Court to show cause if any, why they should not be punished for contempt of Court. That is always an option.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Thank you, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Okay. All right. The claims that have been filed, the Voluntary Claims Resolution Program and the Criminal Activity Lien notice filed by the Government. Attorney Blum.

ATTORNEY BLUM: I would like to call on attorney Andrew Tomback to address the Court and present testimony with respect to the Voluntary Claims Program, if it please Your Honor.

THE COURT: But, you know what? I don't mean --and I see Attorney Smith, I understand that Voluntary Claims Resolution

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 64

Program is what is being proposed by the
estate to address these claims that are going
to be filed in multiple jurisdictions,
numerous of them pending in New York, right?
ATTORNEY BLUM: Correct. Most of
them.
THE COURT: Most of them in New
York. There's also in Florida.
ATTORNEY BLUM: And Minnesota.
THE COURT: And Minnesota, right.
ATTORNEY BLUM: And we expect more.
THE COURT: And we expect more.
Let me summarize it --and
everyone listen and if anybody has an
objection to what I am going to say, then you
can raise it.
How I read, all the persons who
have filed claims through Counsel present here
in this courtroom, they have, the claimants
have no objection to the Voluntary Claims
Resolution Program. Their concern is how much
money is to be expended to set up this
program.
I think it was Attorney Benham--
is he still here? Do you see him in the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 65

courtroom-- who raised those concerns and said
what are you going to do with the expenditures
for rents, paying salaries, just the cost of
setting it up. That was his concern, am I
correct, Attorney Benham?

ATTORNEY BENHAM: Yes, Your Honor.
Can I approach?

THE COURT: Yes. Well, you know
what, cause I'm just doing a summary and I
just wanted you to confirm and then I can let
you approach to supplement.

Who opposed the claims program
is the Government.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Right.

THE COURT: Because the
Government, Attorney Smith, listen and see if
I'm correct-- because the People have filed
this Criminal Activity Lien Notice, and this
lien notice is against the Estate of Jeffrey
E. Epstein; Jeffrey Epstein; the 1953 Trust;
Plan D, LLC; Great St. James, LLC; Nautilus,
Inc.; Hyperion Air, LLC; and Poplar, Inc.

And reading what's under the
Statute, the Statute provides that on the
filing of this lien, this is Title 14, Virgin

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
66

Islands Code, Section 610 "This lien shall
commence and attach as of the time of the
filing with the Criminal Activity Lien Notice
and shall continue thereafter until
expiration, termination or release. The lien
created in favor of the Government of the
territory of the Virgin Islands shall be
superior to and prior to the interest of any
other persons in the personal or real property
or beneficial interest in, if the interest is
acquired subsequent to the filing of the
notice."

So that all being said, with The
People having filed their Criminal Activity
Lien, hasn't it put everything on hold?

ATTORNEY BLUM: It should not, Your
Honor.

THE COURT: Tell me why not.

ATTORNEY BLUM: The reason is that
the probate code itself, which is not
addressed in the Government's papers, state
very clearly --and I can find the cite for you
if you need it --

THE COURT: Yes.

ATTORNEY BLUM: --that the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
67

administration expenses of the estate have
priority, virtually priority over everything
else the estate needs to be administered. The
problem that the executors will have is these
liens are in fact defective which we believe
they should not be and we will be asking Your
Honor to either dismiss them or we will do so
before Judge Dunston in the other matter under
which they've filed the Complaint.

With out that, we question
whether we can expend anything. We believe
that that is not correct under Virgin Islands
probate Code and that it is Your Honor who
controls in every respect the co-executors
actions with respect to what they expend and
what they don't expend and what they can not
expend and that is the point that we will make
in papers when we file them with respect to
those liens.

THE COURT: Because now there's a
question because I have here-- I know you're
pointing to Title 15, Virgin Islands Code,
Section 421, preference in payments of claims
and charges. Is that what you are talking
about?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 68

ATTORNEY BLUM: That is correct.

THE COURT: In administration,
funeral charges, taxes, expenses, debts
preferred by law, debts which is the debt of
the deceased were a lien upon his property of
any rights or interest, debts to employees, all
other claim against the estate.

Where would this lien, this
Criminal Activity Lien fall, because they, by
the statute, 14 VIC 610, if I'm reading it,
everything has been locked down.

ATTORNEY BLUM: That was our first
reading as well, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY BLUM: And that is our
concern with respect to that.

THE COURT: Except may be for the
basic administration of the estate but as far
as it goes to settling claims because if that
is-- okay, the estate can continue to
function.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Thank you.

THE COURT: I have no problems
with that. If the estate has to pay
taxes--Attorney Smith, the estate has to pay

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
69

taxes, it pays its taxes, right?
ATTORNEY SMITH: That is correct, Your Honor.
THE COURT: If the estate has to--
ATTORNEY SMITH: Pay its employees.
THE COURT: Thank you. Pay its employees; if the estate has to pay its attorneys, other than estate Counsel, because the estate now has attorneys who have to come in and represent him in this matter --Now, this civil-- I know --
ATTORNEY SMITH: I'm not happy about that.
THE COURT: I know you are not happy with that civil forfeiture matter-- but what it seems to me that the estate cannot do, the estate cannot pay claims, cannot pay these claims that have been filed by the persons that may be coming out of New York-- whether they get a judgment out of New York or whether they come in to this Claims Resolution Program-- that is how I'm reading that, that by this the Government has said, stop because and I read that in part of your filing because

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
70

the Government is concerned that you could
then start this program, start entering
settlements, paying out settlements and then
when the Government comes, there's nothing at
all.

ATTORNEY BLUM: The program will be
recommending settlement. It will be approving
settlements that will be paid by the estate.
They will need to be paid if, in fact, we
adopt the program. The problem is that if we
do not proceed to the program, it will tend to
waste estate assets because, as Attorney
Kroblin refered to earlier, we will now have
to go much heavier into litigation that are
already pending. We will need to expend
additional expenses on attorneys fees and
other expenses relating to those litigations
especially with respect to discovery since
there's at least 22 of them that will be a
very large amount.

Since at least the claimants who
have spoken up, appear to be in favor of the
program, that is why we would like to get the
program approved quickly, as soon as Your
Honor is prepared to do so. And then we still

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
71

have to deal with the liens. That is a separate issue. It might prevent the actual payment but if we can promptly deal with the liens even after we have started the program, that would be to the estate's advantage because we would not have this additional litigation expense, and once we get to the point of actually having to pay out the settlements via the program or otherwise, other settlements, that would be the way we think that we should be proceeding.

THE COURT: You see, Attorney Blum, how you described it, that was my thought process. That if you have the settlement resolution program quickly, I mean fairly quickly dealt with, because if not, if you don't use that program, then what you have is these multiple lawsuits proceeding, attorneys being retained to represent the estate in these actions and judgments being entered but you have no control of and the judgment will have to be paid whether it's a settlement through this program or a judgment.

But my question is right now by what The People have filed and you said that

Probate ST-19-FB-0080
72

was your initial reading of it, what has changed?

ATTORNEY BLUM: My initial concern, I'm concerned--

THE COURT: Well, that is my concern too.

ATTORNEY BLUM: --that this Court and the Government feel that we shouldn't be spending anything on virtually anything. You have already confirmed that we can administer the estate for which we appreciate that, but part of the administration of the estate is also dealing with these claims.

THE COURT: Yes, I know but now these claims are going to be paid from where?

ATTORNEY BLUM: They are going to be paid from estate assets, no doubt.

THE COURT: And The People have just put a lien and the lien provides that nothing could be paid out of those assets.

I can understand that you need to do it today and I think Attorney Smith understand that but their concern is that you cannot pay claims and you cannot set up this program.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
73

Attorney Smith, then what would you have the estate do? Then the estate is going to go into New York and Minnesota and Florida and wherever else and having to retain Counsel for all these lawsuits.

ATTORNEY BLUM: And Your Honor.

THE COURT: Yes.

ATTORNEY BLUM: These claimants will be denied timely compensation which is one of the things that the co-executors very much wish to avoid. We wish to compensate them promptly. They were interested in having this program go forward and that is what we would like to do.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, first of all, the program and I mean-- let me go back. Let me go to the podium, Your Honor.

Ariel Smith on behalf of the Government of the Virgin Islands. I think Virgin Islands law is clear as to what the Criminal Activity Lien is. I don't think from my estimation there's any dispute but beyond that, I think that there's a misunderstanding as to what the Government is saying.

Besides the Criminal Activity

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
74

Lien Notice, we have stated an opposition to the plan as proposed and what we did in our opposition is we indicated the areas in which we have concerns about the plan as proposed. One of the areas that we were concerned with is that the plan as proposed, presumes to exonerate other people besides the estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Your Honor, we haven't had a chance to present our motions yet and she is providing all--

THE COURT: You know what? Yes. And I have no idea what you are speaking of. You know what? Attorney Smith, if I could, the estate was going to provide the Court with more information concerning this plan this morning.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay, and to that end, whatever is provided this morning, we have no information as to it and the information that was provided in the opposition we received yesterday, we have not had an opportunity to reply to it because we just saw it, so it might be premature. And finally--and this is the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
75

last thing I'm going to say with regard to
this until I'm called again -- but we believe
that setting up this plan without the Court
having a full inventory and a complete
accounting that has vouchers and all the other
deficiencies that were missing from this
accounting would be premature.

THE COURT: Okay. So let the
Court say this: I'm not going to make any
decision on this plan, whether creating this
plan or it shouldn't be created or should be
put in place this morning because I have no
information as to the plan because in the
submissions from the estate, they set forth, I
think several times that full information will
be brought to the Court this morning.

I'm going to allow you then to
provide that information. Then I'm going to
allow Counsel present to make their comments,
arguments, for or against the plan but there
is going to be no decision this morning
because I do not have full information as to
this plan.

Then, I'm going to have to say
if this Court were to structure, set up, allow

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
76

--first of all, do I even need to be the one to allow the co-executors to establish the plan, moving estate assets, and if that's the way, I need to know how much estate assets are you going to move; how does that import with the Criminal Activity Lien Notice that the People have filed; is there anyway for me to get around it; can the two sides, with the People work that out and say so much can go into the plan? Yes, we don't want to affect claimants but we also have to know we have a claim; The People have filed their claim.

And you know, for none of the claimants before this Court do I have numbers; right. There are no numbers so I can't even say set aside this amount. There are no numbers. Everything is, you know, speculation, a judgment, we're going into court but there are no numbers which is unusual because when claims come before the Court, a claim by the Statute, that is how we determine claims. It sets out the specific amounts.

ATTORNEY BLUM: If we might at this time, I would like Attorney Tomback to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
77

provide the Court, via witnesses, with much of the information that you are inquiring about and that the Government is inquiring about and at the end of that presentation, then Your Honor can ask whatever questions.

THE COURT: Testimony? Are you going to have written documents?

ATTORNEY SMITH: That is my concern also.

ATTORNEY BLUM: Yes.

THE COURT: I thought it to be written documents with how much is going to be expended for rents, money - not testimony.

ATTORNEY BLUM: It would be both, Your Honor.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, I think this is part of the Government's concern and this is Ariel Smith again for the record.

The Estate needs to be forthright with the Court about every aspect of whatever it is they are proposing even though again we maintain it's premature because if they haven't at this juncture -- they are making this plan proposal but they haven't even done the basics which is to give

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
78

the Court an inventory and based on its motion, they have until March 2nd approximately, to provide this inventory so to even get into a plan without an inventory so the Court knows, essentially the lay of the land, is extremely premature and then to proposed the plan before the Court without any writings, without any opportunity to vet it properly, it's highly irregular.

THE COURT: If I understand it, Attorney Tomback is going to provide the Court with how much he believes, how much the plan would cost. Am I correct?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, Andrew Tomback on behalf of the executors. I have been admitted pro hac vice. I know I can do this later but my oath is here if Your Honor wants it.

THE COURT: Yes. Please file it in the proper way into the Court.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: It's our intent to have Your Honor's permission to call three witnesses. The first witness, Jordana Feldman, and they all will be supported by documents, documents which have been available

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
79

in the public domain, some of which have been
filed by the Court and available to the
Attorney General, that describes the program
in great detail.

The reason for the program; why
it makes sense to the victims; why it makes
sense, I think, for everybody in terms of the
estate not to be litigating in various places
and spending money on litigation.

Quite frankly, I think that if
the Attorney General hears from these
witnesses, I can tell you about it in a
moment, but if the Attorney General hears from
these witnesses, I believe that we'll address
every concern that the Attorney General has
raised, including whether in fact we can pick
a particular number as a number of dollars
that Your Honor at this time, Your Honor can
say, okay, that is the right number because we
don't have the whole number of victims and so
forth, and I would defer, quite frankly I'm
just a lawyer, but the people I'm going to
call, Jordana Feldman who was the
Administrator of the 911 fund has tremendous
experience. This is the first witness we would

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
80

like to call with respect to that, Your Honor.

The second witness is Ken Feinberg. Mr. Feinberg from the beginning of his career involving Agent Orange and working with the Judge in the United States to solve what seemed to be an intractable problem, has done plans like this more than any person alive - not just in the United States but anywhere.

And then the third witness is my colleague, Mr. Weiner, who also represents the estate who would briefly testify regarding why the estate itself is going to be harmed (a) if the Attorney General lien, as you put it, makes everything grind to a halt, not only the victims or the alleged victims or the claimants - whatever you want to call them, but also the estate.

I'd just like the opportunity to put them forward. I think it will clarify a great deal for Your Honor, the Attorney General. I think in fairness to the people and the Court who don't have an opportunity to speak because they are not admitted to hear how we believe this will help people who

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
81

alleged that they've been harmed, people who are claimants.

THE COURT: But there is still the concern. If I understand it, the People are the only ones opposing the establishment of this program, right, as proposed but there is nothing proposed.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, we can bridge the enormous gap because the Attorney General's understanding and expression in our papers of what is proposed is not what is proposed and I think if we hear from the witnesses, we'll understand from the witnesses what is really proposed and I think the Attorney General can have every opportunity to cross examine them.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, but we are not prepared to do that today, Number 1.

THE COURT: You know, that is true. You told me, because I did not know that you were going to have all these people here.

ATTORNEY SMITH: And so we are not prepared to do that today because we

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
82

haven't had an opportunity to vet this question, but more importantly, we still haven't found out from the executor what does this program cost. Do you have those numbers? That is the preliminary question. We can hear all about, you know, all the touchy-feeley, whatever.

THE COURT: Okay, Attorney Smith. Let's hear from some of the other attorney representing.

Attorney Benham, do you want to come forward or any other attorney wishing to speak in this matter? Just identify yourself.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: By the way, Your Honor, I just want to make one thing clear just so Your Honor understands. I think Your Honor knows this but we're here now and I understand your concerns but speed is of the essence. I think that the victims or the claimant's counsel will speak to that.

But we made our motion with respect to that, Your Honor, on November 14th. We then filed again on December 13th. The Attorney General is late to the game, right, so she says she's not prepared but she wants

Probate ST-19-PS-0080
83

to stop us.

THE COURT: But listen, you filed your motion to establish the program, right, without--

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: That is all we want to do now, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Yes, but you want me just carte blanche go and establish the program? You never gave the Court any numbers. We didn't know what numbers we were dealing with. We didn't have a quarterly accounting. We didn't have an inventory. That's part of the objections the People are making and now--

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your--

THE COURT: --let me finish--so don't tell me cause you told me when you filed your motion. I know when you filed your motion but I was not prepared to rule because there was no information for this Court to rule on that motion. So now if I understand it and then motions or filing to the Court during the course of the week said the Court will be given this information at the hearing. Well, I didn't know what kind of information you

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 84

were coming with at the hearing. Now you say you are coming with witnesses. My thing and I specifically said Attorney Benham made one of the most salient arguments -- no objections to the plan but what is the cost of the plan. Everybody just want to know what you are going to do to set this up. And that is what I want to hear. Let me hear from other counsel, please, sir.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Sure.

ATTORNEY FOSTER: Good morning, Your Honor. Sean Foster. Our firm represents probably two dozen of the victims - probably the majority of the victims that are going to be filing claims against the estate and we are absolutely in favor of this program. We think it's a great program that will provide redress to the victims without the need for protracted litigation and we feel that to derail that process at this stage would not be in the best interest of those victims.

We don't disagree that more information is required and I think that's why we are here today - to get more information so that we can move forward and support that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
85

program for our clients. That is where we
stand on that position, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Thank you, Attorney
Foster.
ATTORNEY FOSTER: You're welcome.
ATTORNEY D'AMOUR: Good morning,
Your Honor. Kevin D'Amour. We represent five
different victims. I would echo what Mr.
Foster just said but I want to make it clear
that if we fail to establish a program that is
cognizant of the harm that's caused to these
victims it's going to be far more
discriminatory than what the Government is
trying to propose or object to.
I think if we go forward with
this program we are going to see great results
and I think we are going to have a much better
outcome if we can go forward with this program
as soon as possible.
THE COURT: Thank you. Attorney
Benham.
ATTORNEY BENHAM: Good morning,
Your Honor. John Benham on behalf of one
claimant, Jane Doe. I assume at some point
during our proceedings today we are going to

^{}[]

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
86

get to the issue of how the creditors are
going to proceed in this by pseudonym or
however, but as far as the voluntary
compensation program, as we stated in our
papers that were filed on December 23rd, we
don't oppose the creation of the program but
we don't know what the program is.

We don't know in particular, the
expenses that are going to be entailed in just
creating the program in the first place. We
don't know and we still don't know, even after
the first quarterly accounting, what is in the
estate, whether or not the program intends to
divulge making all of the estate assets
available.

I think the estate has responded
that yes, all of the assets, I believe they
have said that all of the assets are available
because under the terms of the will, the
executors have to pay all of the debts in all
of the claims that are approved and only after
that the rest and residue of the estate and
assets will be poured into the trust that was
created under the will. At least that is the
way I understood it.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
87

THE COURT: Except for now what
the Government has done.

ATTORNEY BENHAM: That is a new
development, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Yes. That is what I am
saying. That is what has now maybe thrown
everything and I got notice of this January 23
of 2020, right. That is a whole different
something to look at. What does that do to
what it may bring to the proceedings or
persons going under?

ATTORNEY BENHAM: I didn't get
notice of that until last Friday, Your Honor,
because the Government didn't serve anybody
except for the estate as far as I can tell so
as far as these proceedings, there's no - so
I'm not here to address whether or not the
CICO lien is as all encompassing as the
Government claims it is which basically
freezes every single asset of the estate and
say no, you can't pay anybody. I would
understand that is what they say the effect of
the CICO lien is.

I would be, if the Court wishes
us and the other creditors who have filed

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
88

claims in this matter to address that, I would suggest that perhaps a briefing schedule should be established on that particular issue.

THE COURT: I think that may be appropriate and the People then could respond because that is now the quandary I believe the Court is in because now I have what maybe going on in another court. I have the lien. There's nothing else but it tells me a lien against all and it lists specific assets and it begins with the estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein so if all these things, the shares in all these corporations is sitting in that estate, that is why I say does that then stop everything.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor.

THE COURT: Let me hear from the other Counsel.

ATTORNEY SMITH: I just wanted to clarify one thing. The claims that are represented here are the same kind of claims that the Government has. Their claim is not with regard to the lien itself, but the nature of the claims. It's the same exact type of

Probate ST-19-PH-0080
89

claim for those who are in New York courts or
other courts. So there's no distinction
between the claims that the Government has in
terms of the nature of the claims and claims
that are presented by these other claimants in
this case.

THE COURT: I don't know. I just
know people have filed claims; claims of
sexual assault, claims without any monies
attached to it indicating that they have filed
them in a Court of law and saying maybe they
can resolve them through this settlement
probate.

ATTORNEY SMITH: And also one of
those same type of --

THE COURT: You're saying sexual
trafficking.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Well, the point
I'm making, Your Honor, is that their claims
had no numbers nor do all claims and they are
all filed in court.

THE COURT: And I said that and
everybody has filed their claims here with no
numbers.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Right.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
90

THE COURT: So if I were to say those are claims, those claims don't comport with what the Statute requires but I'm allowing people at some point to fix numbers on them, they're coming in as claims. If I'm just sitting strictly on probate and just reading what probate requires, it requires you to have affixed a number. Nobody has affixed a number but I can understand why you can't fix a number cause you are just, to me, preserving a claim that you say I may perfect somewhere by getting, may get a judgment and then if I don't or I don't want to try to get this judgment, I'm willing to resolve this matter through this voluntary settlement program.

Correct? Right. Everyone?

ATTORNEY FOSTER: Yes. I think setting up the program is different than paying out under the program. We want to move forward with setting something up; we are not talking about paying out. That is different.

THE COURT: Attorney Foster, that was one of the things and the note I have is that's what it is. You just want to have this program in place. You just want them to start

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
91

talking with the alleged victims and maybe then you just have matters are settled, but you still know I have to wait for whatever is going to pan out here with this CICO lien.

ATTORNEY FOSTER: But I think that program will also help flesh out what those numbers are for each claimant cause each claimant is very different.

THE COURT: Okay, Sir. Let me hear from final Counsel.

ATTORNEY CHANCO: Douglas Chanco here for the record. Your Honor, to build on Attorney Benham's argument that I'd like to adopt, this Court has kind of touched on our concerns already so I will be brief.

The setup of the fund is not what my claimant Araos's issue is. It's the fact now that we've been hearing today of 32 plaintiff's lawsuits and the funding of any sort of claims program and we just--even with the fact that Your Honor stressed, I have not been able to provide a number as no other claimant has, I would cite to the filing on January 31st of this year in Schedule G. My client's case is the first one listed on

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
92

Schedule G; it is a New York State case. It is proceeding. It is not one that may possibly be filed or is intended to be filed. It is going forward at this time and her New York Counsel is present here so we would just ask the Court to, again, take concern as to funding of any amount from the estate for the payment claims at this point as we have a valid claim to present and preserve at this point.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Your Honor, may we be heard?

THE COURT: Yes. State your name for the record, please.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Melody Westfall. Your Honor, we would ask that the estate be allowed to resolve the claims Your Honor ruled earlier today that the estate would be allowed to settle some claims and we would urge you to allow the --

THE COURT: No, I don't recall that. I said the estate could pay its attorneys, except probate attorneys.

ATTORNEY WESTFALL: Well, we would argue that the lien applies after what

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
93

claims are paid. This is about the victims.
It's about the people's whose lives are ruined
and we are very in favor of the voluntary
program. The victims desperately need help.
It's pressing and we would urge the Court to
hear from the administrators and perhaps we
can resolve this today. Thank you, Your
Honor.

THE COURT: Thank you.

Have I heard from all the
attorneys representing persons who may be
filing or have filed claims against the
estate?

ATTORNEY BOURNE-VANNECK: Good
morning, Your Honor. Richard Bourne-Vanneck on
behalf of the claimant Tela Davis. I would
second the issues that have been raised by
Attorney Benham. I thought he did it
adequately so that is why I sat back down.
Thank you.

THE COURT: Thank you. So if I
understand what the persons here, the
attorneys representing the claimant, what we
really just need to get is testimony on the
numbers. I think everybody says they're in

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
94

favor of this program. They're satisfied how
the program may be set up. We just need to
know how much monies we are talking about that
would be allotted to this program.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, I
would just state one thing. I really just
want an opportunity to present our own
witnesses. I think there's information that we
may have that I would like to present to the
Court also before the Court can make its final
decision.

THE COURT: I'm not making a
decision. I specifically said that. I'm
going to take the testimony because the
persons are here to testify.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay.

THE COURT: I think I specifically
said I'm not ruling on this and I'm also going
to require Counsel to brief the Court on the
effects of this lien as to anything how this
estate proceeds as far as it wants to set up
the claims. I understand that the estate just
want at this point permission to set up this
program. That is what I am understanding -
permission to set up the program.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
95

Then the question will be and thereafter once the program is set up, you go ahead and start to talk to the alleged victims, would any settlement then have to wait until resolution of this criminal forfeiture in the civil action?

I'm going to ask Counsel to brief the Court and provide to the Court say within thirty days memorandums of law to assist the Court on that but I'm going to allow you to present-- I think everybody has agreed that at this point they have enough information as to what this program would entail.

My law clerk, Attorney Harrigan did some research on this program and he provided to the Court that this similar program has been done with 911 victims, the Archdiocese of Los Angeles with its sexual assault cases.

So it's not a program that has not been used by other persons. It's just as, I think, the estate has said, this may be a new one in a probate but it has been done, tried, tested, worked. I think we are just

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
96

here and all Counsel for claimants have said
they support the program because they believe
it will be a quick resolution for these
victims, alleged victims, rather than having
to go to court and testify, right, in open
court and have to present a full claim.

To me, it also has to reduce
attorneys' fees on both sides significantly.
Just how much will be set up maybe the Estate
can work with the People as to what -- because
it's the People, the Government is the
opposition. That's where your opposition is.
I have no other opposition but the Government
and maybe their mistake is just try to work
with the Government with regard to what the
Government has filed. But Sir, just go
ahead, please. I think we can just limit it to
what the numbers are. Fair enough for everyone
in the courtroom?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,
with some leeway, I think we can focus, okay?
THE COURT: Okay.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: So Ms.
Feldman, will you take the stand, please?
DIRECT EXAMINATION

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
97

By Attorney Tomback:
Q. Please state your name for the record?
A. It's Jordana Harris Feldman.
Q. Where do you live?
A. I live in --
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Sorry. Sorry.
I'm sorry. She should be sworn.
THE COURT: Yes, she should be.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: She's
trustworthy, Your Honor.
THE COURT: Well, yes.
(Laughter)
And you do have your pro hac
admission? May I have it before I allow you,
let me just at least say I saw that.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: May I step
forward or--
THE COURT: The marshal will take
it for you.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Thank you, sir.
THE COURT: Let's take a
ten-minute recess.
{Ten-minute recess}
{Court re-convened}

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
98

Good afternoon. Before we
proceed I need to take care of some matters.
After I retired to chambers, it came to my
attention, I think I have been free with the
Counsel for the claimants to allow them to
come forward and make presentations to the
Court because this is an unusual situation
here this morning. But before me I have a
motion from the People, the Government to
intervene as a claimant intervenor in the
matter and I'm going to deny that - the Motion
to Intervene. You're here as a claimant. And
I'm assuming that you will file your formal
creditors claim. You know you face that
lien. You have the Criminal Activity Lien
Notice.

So that being said, also there's
a Motion to Intervene filed by Attorney
D'Amour. The Court recognize you are a
claimant. You represent claimants for the
estate. You may have a claim against the
estate. I'm going to deny the Motion To
Intervene also for those claimants represented
by Attorney D'Amour. Is he still present in
the court?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
99

ATTORNEY D'AMOUR: Yes, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Yes, you are. You have filed claims against the estate. You just need to perfect those claims, provide the information, whether it's by judgment or should this voluntary program be established by the Court, but as the Court has not now allowed anyone to intervene, this matter will proceed just as if it was a regular probate proceeding. The estate Counsel is here. The Court is here. I'll allow you to present the testimony limited to what the Court believe it needs concerning this program. Sir?

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Sorry to interrupt but we also had a motion to proceed anonymously for claimants.

THE COURT: With that, let me say that proceed in the same name in which you were proceeding in the New York Courts or whatever courts you are filing this assault case. It just seems to me that would make it easier because then when you bring your judgment, should you have a judgment that comes in as a creditors claim, the Court would know what claim it goes with.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
100

So, file your claim in the name,
however you are proceeding in whatever Court
you are proceeding in with the sexual assault.
Fair enough, all Counsel? So the motion would
be persons will then file however you are
proceeding under, the claim would be filed in
the same way. Attorney Smith.

ATTORNEY SMITH: I just have one
procedural question, Your Honor. To the
extent that you've denied the Government's
Motion to Intervene, how would we file any
response to-- cause we decided to file the
Motion To Intervene in order to be able to
file the opposition which has not been
formally filed. It was just filed as an
attachment.

THE COURT: You come in as
claimant, right, so you would be presented
before the Court.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Well, the motion
to intervene was premised on the criminal
activity lien and so once we were able to
intervene we would then file an opposition as
a movant of sorts. I'm just trying to figure
it out procedurally.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
101

THE COURT: Okay. I'm not
leaving you intervene for probate purposes.
Now, you have this civil --
ATTORNEY SMITH: Criminal.
THE COURT: And I don't know what
happens over there. Once that case has been
filed, then I guess you would file it and then
show the Court why you have to be here making
opposition to whatever we have. But right now
I'm not allowing you to ask questions of the
person on the stand. Do you understand that?
ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay.
THE COURT: Should you go farther
there, right, you have a lien. If I
understand it, there should be then some kind
of action filed.
ATTORNEY SMITH: It has been
filed.
THE COURT: It has been filed?
Well, I don't have it. I know there was a
lien.
ATTORNEY SMITH: It was attached
to the motion.
THE COURT: Not what I have, I
don't believe.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
102

ATTORNEY SMITH: It has five exhibits.

THE COURT: Then once it's here and you hear that, if you believe this program would affect your claim, then you would have a right to file your opposition but I'm not going to allow you to be questioning the witness. Do you understand that?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay.

THE COURT: I'm not going to allow --or when you submit your claim, follow the claim procedures and the executors will review it, whether they approve it or reject, guess what? Then you move the Court to hold a hearing and then we go in full presentation.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Okay.

THE COURT: Fair enough. All right. Okay, Sir, and for the record, Attorney.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, I had assistance from your colleague here to the left.

THE COURT: My able law clerk, Attorney Harrigan. Yes, we do have your application for pro hac vice admission that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
103

was approved and signed by Justice Cabret
January 30th at 2020. And we have your oath
that was attested by the Clerk of the Court,
Attorney Handy February 3rd at 2020. So you
are properly before the Court. We will now
swear the witness.

Thereupon, JORDANA HARRIS
FELDMAN, first having been duly sworn, was
examined and testified as follows:

DIRECT EXAMINATION

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. Please state your name?
A. Jordana Harris Feldman.

Q. Where do you live?
A. New York City.

Q. Did you come down in St. Thomas
specifically to testify in this proceeding?
A. Yes.

Q. And are you familiar with our
filing indicating on January 9th in our brief
that you would be here to answer questions
that the Court may have?
A. Yes.

Q. And where were you most recently
employed?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
104

A. I worked at the September 11
Victim Compensation Fund.
Q. And briefly describe that fund for
the Court?
A. It's a federal program that was
established in the aftermath of the September
11th attack to compensate the families of
those who died and people who were injured in
the immediate aftermath of the attack.
Q. What was your position there?
A. I was Deputy Special Master and
Director of the New York office.
Q. How long did you hold that
position?
A. I held that position for three
years but I worked through the Justice
Department and with the program for over ten
years in its various iterations beginning in
2001 and then when it was re-opened in 2011.
Q. And did you leave the 911 fund
generally your position there to embark on
working on this program?
A. Yes.
Q. And just briefly describe your
responsibilities with the 911 fund?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
105

A. I ran our appeals process which afforded any claimant an opportunity to challenge eligibility and compensation determinations if they didn't believe that the decision appropriately accounted for their circumstances.

I presided over or participated in hundreds of those hearings. They were intended both as an opportunity for the claimant to supplement the record and be heard and also for us to acknowledge the traumatic experience that each claimant had been through and the impact that it had on their lives.

Q. I'm going to shorten what I was going to cover with you but have you devoted the bulk of your professional career to mass work or mass claims programs?

A. I have.

Q. And you have developed a fair amount of expertise at it, right?

A. Yes. It's definitely a niche practice but this is the kind of claims compensation programs outside of traditional litigation similar to what we do with the September 11th fund determining eligibility,

Probate HT-19-PB-0080
106

determining compensation, figuring out a
claims process, intended to be expeditious,
voluntary. That is my experience with the 911
program.

Q. And do you recognize this book
that I'm holding up?

A. I do.

Q. It's Mass Claim Resolution
Facilities. Who is the author?

A. I'm a co-author of that book.

Q. And basically what does the book
cover?

A. It provides case studies of mass
claims resolutions facilities outside of
litigation, and offers some practical guidance
in navigating the design, implementation and
administration of those programs.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, I
would just like to offer now just to speed us
up Ms. Feldman's biography. It's been
distilled to one page.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, is
it possible even though I'm not allowed to ask
questions that I can see the CD.

THE COURT: Do you an have extra

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
107

1 copy?
2 ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Absolutely.
3 I'm just putting it on the record, Your Honor.
4 I'm not going to ask any questions. I want to
5 move us forward.
6 By Attorney Tomback:
7 Q. When were you first approached
8 regarding a possible compensation program that
9 related to Mr. Epstein?
10 A. In late September 2019.
11 Q. Who first contacted you?
12 A. Dan Weiner.
13 Q. And did you have conversations and
14 meetings thereafter with the state
15 representative?
16 A. Yes. I had several meetings by
17 phone and then in person with representatives
18 of the estate.
19 Q. And where did those conversations
20 end up in terms of your career?
21 A. They asked me to serve as a
22 co-designer of the program and also to
23 administer the program once it was up and
24 running.
25 Q. Do you know a gentleman named

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
108

Kenneth Feinberg?
A. I do. I know him well.
Q. How do you know him?
A. Mr. Feinberg was my professor in
law school in a course about Individual
Justice in Mass Torts Context. We worked very
closely together in the first iteration of the
September 11th Victims Compensation Fund. We
sat on this Mass Claims Commission that
resulted in the book that you just offered,
and he's been a mentor to me through out my
professional career.
Q. Before you took on this new
responsibility related to Mr. Epstein, did you
consult with Mr. Feinberg?
A. I did.
Q. And I was pointing backwards, is
Mr. Feinberg in the courtroom here today?
A. Yes, sir, he is.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: For the record
he is the gentleman waiving to my right.
THE COURT: Good afternoon, Sir.
By Attorney Tomback:
Q. Did Mr. Feinberg have a role in
the compensation program?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
109

A. Yes. He was also selected to act as a co-designer of the program and helped to implement it.

Q. And was one of the first things that you did-- I'm sorry. There's a third person that you worked with. Who was that?

A. Camille Biros.

Q. And the three of you, was one of the first things the three of you put together called a mission statement?

A. Yes.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: If I may offer that, Your Honor. I don't know what the Court's intention is with numbering things. I would call this Number 2 and the Bar Number 1.

THE COURT: So this is 1; that would be 2.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. Let me ask you a few things about the Epstein Victims Compensation Program.

By the way, how did the program get that name?

A. Mr. Feinberg, Ms. Biros and I decided on the title. We thought it was

Probate ST-19-PS-0080
110

important to acknowledge upfront that these
were Epstein victims, to acknowledge the
wrongs that they suffered.

Q. And is it a voluntary reprogram?
A. It is a voluntary program.

Q. And explain what you mean by
voluntary?
A. It just means that the victims
have a choice. If they want to resolve their
claims in an alternative way outside of the
litigation, they can participate. No one is
required to participate in the program.

The way that we have designed
the proposed design of the program, which as
you heard was supported by many of the
victims, is that a claimant could come into
the process, go through the entire process,
get a compensation determination, and then
only at that point would any sort of legal
rights be affected or compromised. We wouldn't
ask that they sign a waiver of release until
they had an opportunity to make a more
informed decision about whether the
compensation that's being offered is
attractive and appropriate for them.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
111

Q. Is it a confidential program as well?

A. It's confidential to the extent that we, as the program administrators and my staff and contractors, would be protecting the privacy of the victims. We wouldn't be sharing any information with the estate or publicly. But the confidential requirement is unilateral. It's only imposed on us and there's no requirement whatsoever that claimants limit their-- what information they want to share with whomever they wish -- you know, investigators, the public. This is an alternative to civil litigation and so we have no intention to interfere with any sort of criminal proceeding.

Q. Are you familiar with the civil lawsuit that the Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands filed in the other court?

A. Yes.

Q. And have you read the Complaint?

A. I have.

Q. And direct your attention--you probably don't remember this, but I'll tell

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
112

you -- Paragraphs 87 to 88 described the
program as quote, imposing confidentiality
restrictions, close quote, on claimants. Is
that accurate?

A. It's not for the reasons I just
stated.

Q. Did you contact the Attorney
General to correct that error and any other
issues that came to your attention in
reviewing the Complaint?

A. I did. I sent a letter to the
Attorney General on January 16th, the day
after the Complaint was filed, not only to
correct that mischaracterization, but also
just to give her some insight into the
proposed design of the program. I had attached
a draft of the protocol that we have developed
- Mr. Feinberg, Ms. Biros and I - had
developed and circulated to the Plaintiff's
lawyers weeks before.

I explained to her in the letter
the various meetings that we had had with
Plaintiff's Counsel to get their input on the
draft protocol and seek their recommendations.

I thought it was important to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
113

shed light on what the proposed design was so
that she understood that many of her
assumptions about the program were incorrect
and had been addressed in the draft protocol.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,
I'd like to have marked as Exhibit 3 that
letter. It's dated January 16, 2020. It's
written by Ms. Feldman to the Honorable Denise
N. George, Attorney General.

THE COURT: Okay.

By Attorney Tomback:
Q. Is that the letter you wrote, Ms.
Feldman, to Attorney General George?
A. I don't have a copy.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, I'm
not questioning the witness but I do believe
that this goes beyond what the Court was
anticipating.

THE COURT: I think Attorney
Tomback is going to bring me to what I need to
know about the monies. I haven't heard that,
setting that up. That is really what I want
to know.

I think we agreed that everybody
believes this program is a great program but

Probate ST-19-FB-0080 114

what is going to be the costs of setting up
this program?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,
the short answer is that the costs definitely
justifies the program and we are going to get
to the cost but I just want help on one item
and you tell me if I should do it or not, but
I think that while I have Ms. Feldman here
--and quite frankly it's wonderful to come
down here. It's beautiful, but Ms. Feldman
is here and Mr. Feinberg is here. I'd like to
close the gap for the Court and so the
Attorney General understand the proposed
program is not what the Attorney General wrote
about. It just isn't remotely related to the
process that is laid out in her papers.

Judge, there's no live person
that the Attorney General represents. The
Attorney General represents a claim of a
client that is historical. I've just been
admitted to be pro hac. I don't profess to be
an expert of the law but I think it's clear to
everyone in the courtroom that this program
needs to go forward to save the estate, quite
frankly, just to address the victims or the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
115

claimants.

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: So I just want to put the context there and close the gaps so the Attorney General can have some residual concern that the estate can address and move on and get going.

THE COURT: Okay. Continue.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. Did the co-executors or Counsel, anyone affiliated with them, direct you to write this letter?

A. No.

Q. Whose idea was it to write the letter?

A. It was my idea.

Q. Okay. And the mission statement that I showed you before, Exhibit Number 2, did you describe the program as a, quote, non-adversarial alternative to litigation, close quote?

A. It does. I don't have a copy in front of me but I remember writing it.

Q. Why is non-adversarial important given your background and expertise?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 116

A. In these kinds of programs, you have to remove any sort of adversarial posture or tone. I mean the victims are sharing very personal details of their lives about the abuse whatever happened in the aftermath and so they need to be able to feel comfortable that they can share that information without fear of being cross examined or interrogated or that that will be used against them at some later point.

Q. In your mission statement it also says that the program, quote, aim to timely resolve, close quote, claims. Why is timeliness important?

A. It's important because it's important to the victims. I mean the victims are the ones who want this program to move forward. They want an option that will expeditiously resolve their claims. We have made a goal to resolve claims within sixty to ninety days of a complete submission. We wanted to make a meaningful alternative to litigation for the victims and as you heard today, the victims are in support of allowing this program to move forward.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 117

Q. The Mission statement also says quote, the program offers a, quote, a process that is sensitive to the experiences and concerns of the claimants and treat them with compassion, dignity and respect.

Why is that important and how do you know that the program is actually going to do that?

A. I know it because I have done it before. I mean Mr. Feinberg has done it before. You know, these programs are, we find the victims are looking for validation as much as they are for compensation. They want someone to acknowledge what they have been through and to be treated in a compassionate and dignified way in the process. That is exactly what I have done in the 911 fund.

Q. And the Mission statement also goes on to say that the program will be run by, quote, independent, close quote, claims administration experts. What do you mean by independent and why is that important?

A. Well, that's key. I mean particularly in this unusual context but we are, Mr. Feinberg, Ms. Biros and I, we are

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
118

not agents of the estate. We're not here to do their bidding. We make decisions on the design and I will make designs on the administration of the program, how it operates, and how claims are determined based on our own judgment and experience and the estate has agreed to be removed from any part of that process.

Q. And so just to focus in on an individual claimant's claim and the amount of compensation that the program, and you as the administrator, arrive at, the statement provides that quote, the estate will have no authority to reject or modify the administrator's determination on any basis or as to any claims, close quote. Why is that important to the program and the claimants?

A. It's important because to allow the estate a say in these decisions compromises the key-guiding principle of the program. It compromises our independence; it compromises our claims and confidentiality; it compromises the non-adversarial nature of the program.

Q. And with respect to the program it

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
119

says participation in it does not affect any rights the claimant might have unless and until the claimant accepts the compensation, determination, and signs a release. Why is it set up that way?

A. It is set up again as a choice where the legal rights are not affected until the very end of the process, until claimants are able to go through and evaluate her options, see if it's something that she's willing to accept or not, with the freedom to withdraw the claim at any point in the process if she's not satisfied.

And I would add that one of the things that Mr. Feinberg and I thought was important to include in this program was that that also includes not requiring as a condition of participation in the program any victim to stay pending litigation in order to participate. Claimants can go on a parallel track through our claims process and through litigation if they want to seek discovery and only at the very end of the process would they have to make a decision of which way to go.

Q. Taking that out of order as far as

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
120

you know have any claimants stayed voluntarily
their actions?

A. Yes, it is my understanding that
five Plaintiff's have stayed litigation with
the expectation that this program would be up
and running in short order because they
apparently, I understand that they believed
that this was a bona fide alternative.

Q. The sooner the program is up and
running, I take it the more likely it is to
have people stay their litigation, is that a
fair assumption?

A. That's beyond the scope of what I
can say.

Q. Now, the statement also says there
in the statement, Exhibit 2, quote, All
claimants will be afforded a confidential
opportunity to meet face-to-face with the
Administrator, if they so desire. Why is
that important?

A. Again, in my experience, the
victim wants an opportunity to be heard to
tell their story in a way that is rarely
captured in a paper file and so it's something
we wanted to offer the victims if they wish to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 121

avail themselves of it. There's no requirement
that any victim come in to meet with us. If
they do want to meet, we'll make it available
in different ways but that piece is important
because of the opportunity to be heard and
tell their stories.

Q. Are you familiar with the Attorney
General Counsel complaint and other papers
that have expressed a concern that the
opportunity to meet face to face with you
doesn't adequately take into account some of
the persons here in the Virgin Islands? You
need to come to me. What would you do to
accommodate that?

A. We would accommodate. It's
already written into the draft protocol but we
would accommodate any questions. You know, we
can do it by teleconference, video conference.
We would be willing, as we have said to some
of the Plaintiff's lawyers who have clients in
Florida, to go to areas where there are a
number of claimant's where we could hold those
meetings face to face.

Q. And the mission statement refers
to a claims protocol that includes, quote

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
122

eligibility criteria, the methodology for
determining compensation, proof requirements
and claims procedures, close quote.

Can you briefly address program
protocol?

A. Yes. It just, it lays out the
terms and conditions or the proposed terms and
conditions of how the program would operate.
It gives some visibility of the criteria that
we'll apply when evaluating claims for
eligibility and compensation and outlines the
way that we'll process the claims and the
expectations in terms of timing.

Q. And how is the protocol developed?

A. So Mr. Feinberg, Ms. Biros and I
drafted the protocol in November and December
of 2009. One of our main objectives was to
make it as broad and as claimant friendly as
possible and with that in mind, we removed a
lot of the barriers that would apply or could
apply in litigation. The Statute of
Limitations is not an issue that we'll keep in
allowing people to participate; prior
settlement would not preclude someone from
participating in the program; and so we

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
123

developed a protocol with that in mind.

We want any victim who suffered abuse to be able to come in and participate in the program and once we had an initial draft, we circulated it to the estate, to the Plaintiff's lawyers, to the USVI Attorneys Office, in the Southern District of New York to get their feedback on the protocol.

Q. And just to be clear, I might not have heard you but I take it numerous Plaintiff's met with you and proceeded with you or Plaintiff's Counsel, some of whom are here?

A. Yes, we met with nearly all of the lawyers we know about who represented Plaintiffs.

Q. And if the Attorney General or her representative wanted to meet with you or just talk to you on the phone or have a series of meetings to express concerns, will you listen to her?

A. Absolutely. In fact, in my letter I invited an opportunity to meet with her and discuss more about the program and seek her input.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 124

Q. Have you heard from her yet?
A. I have not heard back.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: I would just
like to offer up the protocol still in draft
form. It's not finalized but the protocol,
as it exists that have been provided to us for
this purpose by Ms. Feldman, shows a track
change based on meetings with Plaintiff's
Counsel. I don't want to review that. I
want to get this done before you lose
patience.

THE COURT: Yes. I want to hear
about the money.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, just
for the record I'm not going to ask a
question. Just that the revision of the
protocol is not what was before the Attorney
General in the letter that was sent to her.

THE WITNESS: As Mr. Tomback
just said, the protocol that he just offered
has a red line copy. Only the red lines are
new; anything additional to that, we
circulated to the Attorney General.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, I
have one more topic to cover, which is to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
125

provide briefly an overview of the actual claims process. So if we can mark this as Exhibit 5.

I just want to provide some context because the program is not -- you need to understand the program, I think, to evaluate the costs.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. So taking a look at Exhibit 5, is that in front of you?

A. Not yet.

Q. Let me wait. I'm reminded by my colleagues for the record of Exhibit 5 which I'm going to offer and when the witness identifies it, then I will put it into evidence. It's entitled the overview of the claims process.

So directing your attention to the third paragraph, it says, quote, Claimants who voluntarily elect to file a claim with the program will be invited to participate -- excuse me -- invited to provide documentation identified in the claim form developed by the claims administration experts and any additional corroborating or supporting

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
126

information to substantiate their claims.
Can you offer to the Court how that works in practice?
A. So we all developed a claim form that will look to capture just some basic information about the claimant, about the circumstances of her abuse, the type of abuse, the location, when it happened, how long it happened, and invite her to submit any sort of documentation she might have to help corroborate the claim.
Q. And if there is a deficiency in the claim, will the claimant and other Counsel have an opportunity to correct that or address it?
A. Yes. The program, as we have done in other programs we have administered before, is intended to be claimant-friendly. So if someone files a deficient claim, we'll do a preliminary review, identify what the deficiency is, do out-reach to the claimant or her representative, and work them to try to address the deficiency.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, much of the Mission Statement speaks for

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
127

itself. If you don't mind I will quote two
more paragraphs then move on.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. If you look, Ms. Feldman, at the
fourth full Paragraph, Line 5, where the word
once appears on the right, can you just read
that into the record and comment on that for
us?

A. "Once a completed claim has been
submitted, the Administrator will evaluate the
claim based on all available information and
will issue a determination regarding whether
the claimant is eligible to receive
compensation and the amount of compensation to
be paid to an eligible claimant."

The individual claim
determination will be based on that factor in
the considerations identified in the protocol.
It speaks for itself.

Q. I don't have any questions. I
just wanted to cover that. I want to get to
sort of an end game of how the process works.
In your overview statement there's an ultimate
paragraph and I will read that into the
record, "Upon the issuance of a compensation

Probate 11-19-PB-0080 128

determination by the Administrator", that's you, "the claimant will have complete freedom to accept or reject that determination. If the claimant elects to accept the determination, the claimant will sign a release waiving the claimant's rights to litigate in the courts, as set forth in the protocol. Upon the Administrator's receipt of the claimant's acceptance of the compensation determination and executed release, the Administrator will authorize payment to the claimant".

Do you have anything to add to that?

A. Only that the idea of this type of program, as with the other programs that Mr. Feinberg and I have administered, is to get these victims paid quickly. So our expectation is that once we issue a determination, if the claimant accepts it, and sends in the release, we will immediately notify the estate and our expectation is that they will disburse the funds very shortly thereafter.

Q. And are you familiar with the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
129

Attorney General lawsuit? This is, again, that Complaint of Paragraph 88 where they say the program, quote, requires any claimant accepting an award under the program is sacrificing any other claims against any persons or entity arising from or related to Mr. Epstein. Closed quote. Do you view that criticism as sensible?

A. Well, like I said before, this program is not intended to interfere with any sort of criminal investigation and the scope of the release has not yet been determined. Ultimately, I mean, that is something that the estate is, I understand, is working on and ultimately if a claimant believes that their rights are unfairly compromised, she has the freedom not to sign the release.

Q. Right. And if a claimant signs a release and, for example, the United States Virgin Islands Attorney General wants that claimant to serve as a witness in a criminal investigation, hypothetically, the person can still receive compensation, sign a full release in terms of civil claims of the estate--if it is not scheduled another time --

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
130

and the Attorney General could still sit with
that person and perhaps use her as a witness
or to help the Attorney General's
investigation; is that fair?

A. Absolutely, like I said before
nothing limits the claimant from speaking with
investigators about the circumstances.

Q. Just in terms of the civil release
itself, those are common in your experience?
In other words, that you settle sort of total
settlement?

A. Absolutely and actually, this is
different from the 911 context where the
waiver attaches at the very beginning of the
process upon submission of the claim.

Here, we thought it would be
beneficial to the claimant to wait until the
end of the process so that they have a more
informed understanding about what they would
receive.

Q. I'm just going to go through this
fast. You set up a website, right?

A. Yes. We started to develop a
website. We will set up a website.

Q. And you set up a commencement

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 131

date, a start date, a let's-go date?

A. We have not. We are tying it to approval by the Court to allow the program to move forward but we will be once it's approved by the Court, we can be up and running within ninety days and I expect, because of the considerable amount of work that we have done up until then, we would be able to do that even more quickly.

Q. Last point before turning to the anticipated cost of the program, there's a deadline for the submission of claims. Why do you have to have a deadline?

A. Because deadlines motivate people to act. It provides certainty. We found in our experience that people often wait till the very end of the process to file their claims, the last day, because life gets in the way and it's not a priority until it becomes a priority.

So we proposed in the draft protocol making a 90-day filing window, and we didn't hear any feedback from anyone that that was an inappropriately short period of time so that's our expectation.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
132

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: So, Your Honor, the budget for the program, can I have this marked as Exhibit Number 6 and then, I think, it would be best to mark Number 7. Number 7, if it's admitted into evidence, is the engagement letter that Ms. Feldman signed with one of the counsels for the estate.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. So I'm told that the actual signatories for the engagement letter is not counsel but all co-executors?

A. It was like not me. Right.

Q. Precisely. All right. So is it correct that the design and the implementation on the operation of the program such as this requires significant personnel and costs?

A. It requires a specialized expertise in a unique area and it requires building out the infrastructure to support the operation.

Q. And is there a budget prepared by you, Mr. Feinberg and Ms. Biros?

A. Yes.

Q. And at the beginning when the budget was put together, had you redacted the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 133

fees for Mr. Epstein -- excuse me -- for Mr. Feinberg and for you upfront?
A. We did.
Q. And why was there concern about not having that being the very first thing that people focused on?
A. We just felt like it was a distraction at the very beginning.
Q. The copy that you presented to the Court, which is Exhibit 6, is un-redacted, and so let me just have one more minute.
So Ms. Feldman, turning here to Page 3 of Exhibit 6, the estimated budget, I think it's probably just easier if you walked us through -- without quoting necessarily -- but walk through the large pieces of these expenses for the program and then I will ask you some questions about them.
A. You said Page 3?
Q. Yes, but let me start by -- this isn't something we really prepared but -- how many people have the sort of expertise that you do and Mr. Feinberg does to conduct a program like this?
A. I don't know of many people. Mr.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 134

Feinberg is obviously the leading person in
this area. It's a pretty small group of
people who do this kind of work.

Q. So I'm not great with analogies,
but if I were to compare Mr. Feinberg to a
car, right, would he be a good car--Let's not
talk about the --is he the best in the area in
your view?

A. In my view he is the best.

Q. And in consideration of how to set
up the fund in terms of the program, in terms
of design and in terms of administration,
without giving anything away that is
privileged, the group that came together to
figure out how to try to do this -- first of
all, are you familiar with the fact that the
group of executors, co-executors and their
Counsel looked at other candidates other than
you?

A. I understand that you met with
several other people.

Q. And in talking through exactly how
to structure the relationship between the--
well, relationship between you and Mr.
Feinberg, are you familiar with some thoughts

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 135

or what you thought about why you should be
the administrator rather than Mr. Feinberg
being the administrator and who should focus
on design?

A. It was my--I mean, you probably
could speak to this selection process better
than I can, but it is my understanding that
you were looking for someone who both had
experience and had sensitivity to the victims'
experiences and I believe you were looking for
a female to run the program.

Q. And so can you just walk through
them with the budget? Starting with the first
part of the budget, what are the payments to
Mr. Feinberg? I guess that's the start.

A. Well, he was retained to design
the program based on his very extensive
experience so the fees are related to the
drafting of the protocol, the meetings that we
had with the Plaintiffs' lawyers, all of the
work that goes into bringing his years and
years of experience to bear, and in designing
and then the implementation of the program.

Q. And then turning to the second
part in terms of your fees -- first of all,

Probate ST-19-PS-0080 136

just to divert and try to pick up on that
area, you are currently, you are working sort
of in the hope that the program will be
approved, right?

A. Yes.

Q. I mean, you are just between jobs,
effectively working on this?

A. Yes. I have left my job with the
911 fund to do this program because I truly
believe it was in the best interest of the
victims.

So since November, we have been
working full steam ahead to get this process
up and running because we believe it's the
right thing to do, but I have not been
compensated and more importantly, I haven't
been able to compensate other people who have
been willing to dive in and start doing work
to ensure the timely implementation of the
program.

Q. And the budget specifically says--
going back to Mr. Feinberg--so this is on the
record, it says after listing a number of
services that will be offered that Mr.
Feinberg's law offices will receive $850,000

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
137

per month and it says for a maximum period of
two months. It says, "thereafter, all ongoing
consulting services provided by Mr. Feinberg
and Ms. Biros will be deemed to be included in
the above-referenced fee."

Do you understand Mr. Feinberg to
have made a commitment after the two months
are over to provide services for free?

A. Yes.

Q. And in your experiences will he
stick with the program or will he disappear?

A. He always stick with the program.
He is very reliable, very reliable.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,
the budget, those are the main pieces. We
can walk through --

THE COURT: Tell me the bottom
line.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: The bottom
line of the budget?

THE COURT: The budget has a
bottom line. Are you going to rent office
spaces?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: We can walk
through that, Your Honor.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 138

THE COURT: Just tell me what the
office space is. You know, and this question
about Mr. Feinberg, this $850,000 a month for
two months; is that to him or his law firm?
THE WITNESS: The law firm.
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: The law Office
and just to be clear, so he'll bring to bear
the whole thing --
THE COURT: I just want to know
if it's to the law firm?
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Yes, and Ms.
Biros alluding--
THE COURT: Let's just get it for
the persons here, right? Remember, you have
been kind enough to give Government Counsel
copies of the budget and other documents, but
remember there are other counsels for
claimants' present who that was their concern
concerning their claims and they have not been
given that information and will have to wait
until the session adjourns to go to the
clerk's office to get copies. So I just want
you to give us where the large expenses would
be.
By Attorney Tomback:

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 139

So, Ms. Feldman, the payments used for the duration for programs, right, which were how many months is the estimate, assuming the timeline?

A. The estimated budget assumed 12 to 14 months to design, implement, administer from start to finish. I think that the estimation was made with the expectation in November that it would be approved in short order and that we would be able to execute the contract with vendors and contractors which we have not been able to do because I don't have the authority to do it.

So we have done all of the work up until that point but have not yet been able to execute and some people have had to decline to participate because of the passage of time. We still anticipated it being a relatively short time frame. I don't know if it will be within the 12 to 14 month period. That number also assumes, you know, depending on the number of claimants, and that is not just legitimate claimants. We will be accepting claims from some claimants who were determined not to be eligible and those are claims that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
140

have to go through the process just like any other claims in order to get to that determination.

Q. And so with respect to your personal fees, is the fee $150,000 a month for the estimated 12 to 14, and if necessary additional, months?

A. I'm sorry.

Q. Just to understand, if you look at B {i} for Design and implementation for the entire program, what is the fee that will be paid to you, Ms. Feldman?

A. After the 14 months?

Q. No. In total for during the 14-month period?

A. It would be that, times 14.

Q. Right? And then with respect to-- I mean, just walking through this so it's in the record even though the documents are there, in terms of the fees and expenses that will be required to be paid and operation of the claims process, you have the backroom costs, some sort of website, the distribution of program documents, developing of procedures to track the claims, to investigate the claims

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 141

and to supervise a toll-free calling center,
do you estimate the projected costs for that
for the entire program to be in the range of
$150,000 to $250,000?

A. Yes, that is what we estimated in
November.

Q. The Attorney General said a month
but is that not for the whole program?

A. Right. Most of those are cost
that would be up front in terms of the
development of the website. We want to
develop functionality to allow someone to
submit a claim electronically, but that is for
the duration of the program.

Q. And then in terms of staffing,
depending upon the number of claimants who
come forward, there's provision in the budget
for up to - not necessarily three, but up to -
three attorneys to support your program and
then administrative support, data analytical
support, information technology support,
etcetera.

So those staffing services monthly
costs are estimated to be in the range of
$160,000 but that can change if you were to

Probate ST-19-PR-0080
142

become --that would be addressed for more people, correct?

A. Yes. These estimates are based on whatever information we had available at the time that we drafted this in November.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, there's one other topic that I would like to-- I have to do one other thing is what I'm told.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. This final item is in the estimated budget on Page 5 that you need to have office spaces and equipment. You can't use your old spaces, right? And there are other employee costs in the range of 15 to 20,000; is that correct?

A. That's right.

Q. That is additional cost, okay. The last topic I want to cover, Your Honor, is timing. So we touched on timing but can you just express in a nutshell how important it is for the program to get going?

A. It's extremely important.

Q. Why?

A. Because the victims want it to move forward. I mean, to hear many of their

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 143

representatives come up and say it actually impacted me even more than just-- this was particularly impressive upon me because these victims have been at the precipice of opportunity to get some measure of justice in many different points and it's been pulled out from under them or delayed in some way.

And we are now at a point where we invested a considerable amount of time to put together a draft of what the program would look like to seek the input of the plaintiffs' lawyers. We have their support and the victims are now, from my understanding in speaking with many of the Plaintiffs' lawyers, they have had conversations with their clients and their clients are really eager to have this process move forward.

And their expectations have been raised in terms of it being implemented in short order and so to delay this further would really be a great dis-service to these victims.

Q. Just so I sort of break them into--I call them claimants; you call them victims but it's the same thing--just put them

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 144

in two categories, okay? One category are Plaintiffs who've already brought suit through their counsels - the bulk of them in New York. If the program doesn't go forward, then they would be stuck litigating, right? I mean, they're going to have to litigate. Is that a fair assessment of what's going to happen to them?

A. That's my understanding.

Q. Okay. I want to address this separately. I mean, I think that the Court understands that, so I don't want to belabor it but I just want to address a separate group, which is, if a person whose claim that she's been harmed by Mr. Epstein but for whatever reason does not want to go to court, wants the confidentiality, wants to sit with you and not sit in a courtroom and testify and so forth and so on, if the program doesn't go forward, what happens, in your view, to that person?

A. She's left without recourse.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: One moment, Your Honor. I think I'm done here. So I just have one more question of Ms. Feldman and I wanted

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
145

to call Mr. Feinberg solely to address the prior concern that the Attorney General has. And Your Honor, I don't want to --

THE COURT: But you know what? It's not about the Attorney General's concern. My concern is you are coming here to ask this Court to fund this program. My concern is what types of monies are you talking of? That is what you need to address - not the Attorney General, right?

How much money are you talking about that I would have to say, allow the executor's, co-executors to move from the estate to this program?

Ms. Feldman, would you be able to say, based on your experience, what would be the range of settlement in these types of matters?

THE WITNESS: Well, it's--let me just preface it by saying, you know, we have gotten representation from the estate that there will be no cap on either a given amount on the individual claims, and I believe Mr. Foster made this point, it is impossible to value these claims in the abstract, right.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
146

There are different circumstances in each case so it's hard to say.

You know, I think that we are talking about, you know, claims that would range from the thousands of dollars up into the millions of dollars.

THE COURT: Would this be where you could -- and I think you may have testified to this -- you could enter an agreement with these claimants/ victims as to the settlement amounts, they sign the release and they understand they may have to wait for their payment because I think you said that the whole idea is to have them fully compensated within a short period of time.

THE WITNESS: But the goal would BE that once they sign the release and we are able to notify the estate that the estate would be able to disburse that money almost immediately. I understand from the Catholic Church Sex abuse cases, it's turned around in a week or two. In the September 11th program, they were also able to turn it around in a few weeks time so that would be the goal.

THE COURT: That would be the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
147

goal but you understand in this matter, the
Government of the Virgin Islands has filed an
action that may impede that?

THE WITNESS: I would say that
to the extent that the Government's interest
is at least in part to protect the victims'
interest, that interest is not being served by
them trying to step in and take priority over
the victims.

THE COURT: Well, I don't know.
The People will have to speak to where their
interest lies, but I know what the People have
filed to put a lien on all the properties of
the estate.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: I asked
counsel whether there are any claimants, any
individual people that they represent.

THE COURT: Well, the Government
never represent individual people. The
Government represents the People of the Virgin
Islands.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Right, but
just to be clear, there is no claimant that
would receive those monies. There are
criticisms about the program in terms of how

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 148

it will treat claimants, but they have no
claimants.

THE COURT: If I understand what
the People of the Virgin Islands is saying is
they are concerned that this program could
wipe out whatever they believe they should be
entitled to under the action they have filed.
That's what I am trying to get, what is the
bottom line? How much money are you talking
about? Is there anyway to segregate and say
whatever the People are coming against and
they have listed what they are seeking, what
property they put a lien on. They haven't put
a lien on-- well, they put a lien on the
entire estate which all these shares are
sitting in the estate--that is what I am
trying to get, and I think it maybe you have
to talk to the People.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: The only thing
I believe I can help in one respect is that
the co-executors and their Counsel believe--
first of all, there's a net savings of
litigation costs to the estate to proceeding
in this way.

THE COURT: Sir, you are

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 149

missing -- I understand that. I totally get it
- that it will be for everybody involved less
costly to enter into the settlement program
than to litigate. I get that in terms of
money; in terms of time.

But I'm also backed up where I
have what the People of the Virgin Islands,
The Government of the Virgin Islands has filed
this Criminal Activity Lien Notice which tells
me that everything that they have taken this
lien, nothing can be disbursed. That is where
we are. What can I do at this point with this
notice that has been given to the Court?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Two ways, Your
Honor, that I think that we can try to address
that. One way is to point out that the
concerns expressed about the program are not
accurate. I think Ms. Feldman has --

THE COURT: Sir --

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: And the second
way --

THE COURT: No. Listen. I
disagree. I don't think whatever concerns
they had about the program, that's not before
me. I understand that The Government of the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 150

Virgin Islands is saying I'm going in to take a stake in this forfeiture action to take control. It's not about the program. They are saying don't pay out anything on the program because you could not distribute anything from this estate because I have filed this lien and this lien says any trustee, executor, person or institution who moves, transfer or conveys title to personal or real property upon which a Criminal Activity Lien Notice has been filed which the personal or real property is located or who transfers or conveys such property while having actual notice of this lien shall be liable to the Attorney General. That is the concern. That is what they are seeking here or they come in.

And I told Attorney Smith she couldn't ask any questions, but that is what I understood; that by this program you said you could enter into settlement you said ten thousand to tens of thousands of dollars to persons and then their concern is and then we get our forfeiture judgment and there's nothing there. Do you understand? That is what I understand the Government is moving.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
151

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Could I have one question and then I will propose a way of going forth which is we could like let the program at least develop. So the Order that is before Your Honor-- maybe that is the best thing to do at this point -- the Order before Your Honor is just to allow Ms. Feldman to be engaged and Mr. Feinberg to really be engaged to continue their work and to get a protocol to bring to Your Honor to approve, but it seems, I mean, I think I'm reading between the lines that it seems that Your Honor is speaking about maybe a cap on the amount that you don't like the--maybe put a cap on the amount. You don't like the infinite nature-- I guess the way you are describing it.

THE COURT: Well, is there a set of money that could be moved to fund this program because, okay, you bring the protocol to be approved, right? I approved the protocol. You start working. You say 12 to 14 months from the time of the release this person is to be paid, but then I have on the other side what the People are dealing with in the civil court.

Probate ST-19-PR-0080 152

And how I read the Statute, that
lien can be in place for a period of six
years. So now you've set up a program.
Persons, the victims come in, sign, release,
believe everything is in place. I think that
is where I am at.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: The problem with
that, Your Honor, is that-- I mean, I can let
the Plaintiff's Counsel address that-- that
will chill the program.

THE COURT: I understand.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Let me just ask
a question so I understand so we can clarify
the point on this, okay? If the Attorney
General recovers, let's say one million
dollars from the estate, is that one million
dollars going to go to the budget of the
Virgin Islands or is it going to go to the
victims? If it's going to go to the victims,
I don't know why we can't bridge the gap and
get the Attorney General to be satisfied with
this program.

THE COURT: You know what I said
and it comes down maybe to the estate needs to
meet with the Attorney General.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 153

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: We're prepared to do that.

THE COURT: I think I have said that a couple of times. The estate may need to meet with the Attorney General, with the victims, the claimants, Counsel here is saying we are fully in support of this because the only person we believe will be hurt by not approving this program are the victims because the victims either would have to go into courts, right, expend monies for attorneys on both sides when there's a program that is going to be fully developed. They are saying we can deal with these victims, fully resolve the issues and have them compensated in 12 to 14 months.

Madam Attorney General, what would you be willing to do on this point? Release a portion of the estate just to fund this program while you proceed with your action?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: We can absolutely do have. We could do that immediately and the only question I can ask, Your Honor, I can hand up as an exhibit --it's

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
154

already in the court records, but Your Honor,
two copies. One I want you to have. It's not
really for the witness.

In the interim, we would just
like to move forward. No awards of money; no
release of money but to move this process
forward to complete the protocol which is
something that would come to you, Your Honor,
to approve, if that is what you want if you
want to exercise that jurisdiction over the
program. Otherwise, for the executors to
approve the protocol and be in a position to
move forward if in fact we can reach an
agreement with the Attorney General or
otherwise avoid what I think you call a freeze
of the program which obviously we don't want.
That Order will allow Ms. Feldman actually to
be gainfully employed again and to move
forward and for Mr. Feinberg to put it
together.

THE COURT: You are going to ask
me to sign this order now?
ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Yes, Your
Honor, please.
THE COURT: No, I don't believe

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
155

so. I haven't even seen what you had marked in
the exhibits and they have not been admitted.
You haven't moved for the admission.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: I move for the
exhibits of 1 through 7. Eight is already in
the record. I thought I move a few of them in
before.

THE COURT: No, you haven't
because I never ruled.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: I'd like to
move to enter into the record Exhibits 1
through 7.

THE COURT: They will be so
admitted.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Of course, Your
Honor, I just would want to say that I want to
put my objection on the record.

THE COURT: I'm not signing any
motion from the bench. Trust me on this.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,
I'm being urged to ask and I actually want to
ask it myself but I don't want to anger Your
Honor. I would very much like to call Mr.
Feinberg just to address the Attorney
General's concern. It may help make progress,

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 156

I think.

THE COURT: Call just him for
the limited purpose of that. I've gotten, I
think, the claimants Counsel who was present
wanted to know the money. Attorney Benham, I
keep looking at you. You have that as part
of the record that now you can get copies of
that and then now the attorneys can be in a
better position to say, if I understood that,
that was their reservation, but I think maybe
you need to talk to the Attorney General, the
Government of the Virgin Islands, Department
of Justice as to his concerns. We now know
what the monies are. We now know what you are
seeking to set it up.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,
just so you understand that the executors are
trying to sort of move between a rock and a
hard place. What is difficult for the
executors is that the reason that there's no
quote/unquote cap on the program is to attract
claimants to the program and to avoid
criticisms from Plaintiff's Counsel that we
are given quote/unquote only X dollars. And
so we carefully avoided that and I understand

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
157

that the Attorney General wants effectively a
cap and we'll work with the Attorney General
to try to get this done.

THE COURT: I don't think that is
what they want. The Attorney General to me is
just saying make sure whatever judgment they
may get-- right now, you know what? We have
two sets of claims. We have a claim by the
Attorney General and the claimants.

The question is, does the
Attorney General lien take priority over
anything else done in the estate and I said
that is how I read it. Attorney Blum said
that is how he read it too, that it may stop
everything because the Attorney General has
put a lien on all the property. I said, well,
the estate has to continue to function. It
has to pay its bills; it has to -- and
Attorney Smith, I think, conceded that it may
have basic administration costs, but this is
different what you are asking this Court to do
while I have this lien here. And this is what
I am saying, why can't somebody guide the
Court - whether Counsel submit memorandums of
law -- no, it does not; we can proceed --

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 158

whether you can say we can back out this
amount, whatever is going on in the civil
court should not be affected; we believe the
estate, if the Attorney General, the
Government of the Virgin Islands was to
prevail, this will be the amount that they
would recover and so we can safely expend
these monies on this program, but remember the
question was because we don't have the
quarterly accountings, we don't have the full
evaluation. We don't know what the estate
consist of.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, I
understand. Can we start with Mr. Feinberg
just to address the subsequent concerns that
the Attorney General have with the program, if
I can call him?

THE COURT: Just call him quickly.
Thank you, Ms. Feldman. We have all exhibits
admitted?

Thereupon, KENNETH R. FEINBERG,
first having been duly sworn, was examined and
testified as follows:

DIRECT EXAMINATION

By Attorney Tomback:

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
159

Q. Mr. Feinberg, before you were sworn in, I think you have all the exhibits in front of you so it would go much quicker.

THE COURT: He's already sworn in.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: He already sworn in?

THE COURT: Yes, we were good on this one.

By Attorney Tomback:

Q. Where do you live, Mr. Feinberg?
A. Washington, DC.

Q. Did you come down here just to testify in this proceeding?
A. I did.

Q. Where are you employed?
A. I'm the Law Office of Kenneth R. Feinberg, PC.

Q. What do that firm do?
A. We specialize in alternative dispute resolutions, mediations, arbitrations and claim programs like the one proposed.

Q. Would you just describe briefly to Your Honor your experience in this matter?
A. I started in 1984 with the Agent

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
160

Orange Vietnam veterans liability litigation where we set up a program following the settlement. I was appointed by the Bush Administration to design and administer the 911 funds. I was appointed by the Obama Administration to design and administer the Deep Water Horizon Explosion and I'm currently a co-administrator and designer of Catholic Church sexual abuse cases in five states.

Q. Have you written any books?

A. I have written two; One is "Life Worth". My experiences with the 911 Victim Compensation Fund. And "Who Gets What", chapters devoted to my various claim administration programs.

Q. And is it fair to say that you are regarded as either the best or one of the best people in dealing with these sorts of complicated multiple claimant filings?

A. That is for others to say. I'm busy at it.

Q. Will you disagree with Ms. Feldman on that?

A. No.

Q. Do you have a role in this

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
161

program, the Epstein Victim Compensation Program?
A. Yes. I have been asked by the estate to work with Ms. Feldman and Ms. Biros in the design, implementation and administration of a proposed program.
Q. Do you believe the program would work if the Court approves it?
A. Yes.
Q. And are you familiar with the oppositions to the estate motion for establishment of a voluntary claims resolution program filed basically last Friday by Attorney General Denise George?
A. Yes.
Q. Have you reviewed it?
A. I have.
Q. What do you think of it?
A. The Attorney General is trying to do what is best for the Virgin Islands. I can't question that. There are statements made in the Complaint that I disagree with, and I agree with the Court sitting up back that the estate and the Attorney General should be able to work this out.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
162

Q. And I direct your attention to
Page 1 of the Opposition. It says, quote, the
program does not secure the Government's
substantial and legally protectable interest
in the appropriate and supervised distribution
of the estate's assets.

What's your understanding of
whose role it should be to, quote, supervise
the distribution of the estate's assets?

A. The Government has an interest.
It's the executor's role. There's no reason
you can't set up this program and administer
it to the satisfaction of the Government, I
think, as we've done in other programs with
the Government of the United States or states
that have studied the program and gone along
with the proposal.

Q. Okay. On Page 3 of the Attorney
General's letter, she notes that Virgin
Islands law entitles victims of crimes to be
treated with dignity and compassion, to be
protected from intimidation, to be informed of
their legal rights and to receive reparations
for physical and emotional injuries suffered
as a result of being a victim of a violent

Probate ST-19-PB-008D
163

bodily crime.

Breaking that down, how many
claimants have made themselves known, roughly,
to the program so far?

A. I think it's probably either known
or in anticipation from talk with Plaintiff's
lawyer, probably about fifty. There may be
more. Once you announce a program, they will
be gilded and they will come. But the goals
set out in the Attorney General's Complaint is
exactly the goal of this program - to satisfy
the Attorney General and the estate and
especially the victims in getting them prompt
compensation.

Q. To date are any of the claimants
that have come forward, US Virgin Islands
residents that you know of?

A. I'm not aware of any. I don't
know.

Q. And Ms. George says, quote, under
the framework of the fund, there's no
obligation that the program Administrator be
subject--withdrawn.

On Page 4, on the long part of
Page 4, Ms. George notes that the programs

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
164

design, quote, would be in part determined by
an undefined group of those with an interest
in resolution of the sexual abuse claims made
by Mr. Epstein's victims, and she complains
that, quote, this group could include any
number of individuals and entities, close
quote.

Who actually designed the
program to the extent it's designed so far?

A. The protocol was very transparent.
The Administrator will be Jordana Feldman; the
program has been designed by Ms. Biros and
myself. It's been submitted to both the estate
lawyers and the executor and it's been
submitted to very distinguished Plaintiff
Counsel.

They have commented; we've
redlined it; we are still reviewing it; but it
is a very transparent process designed to get
eligible claimants fast compensation.

Q. Without restating what Ms. George
said, do you understand that in administering
the program, Ms. Feldman, you, and Ms. Biros
will be subjected to the supervision and
approval of this Court?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
165

A. That's my understanding.

Q. And do you understand that we are here because we sought the approval of the Court. We just didn't do it, right?

A. Yes.

Q. And once you developed the protocol, is it the plan of the executors and the funds administrators, independent though - we do communicate - is there a joint plan to come back to the Court with the protocol for Your Honor, for the judge's approval?

A. That is my understanding.

Q. And that happens before a cent is going to be paid out of the fund?

A. That's my understanding.

Q. And I asked Ms. Feldman a bunch of questions about would she listen to the Attorney General, has she heard from the Attorney General. I take it not only will the Co-Executors be willing to speak with the Attorney General, but you, Ms. Feldman, Ms. Biros, etcetera, will be willing to take her input?

A. Whatever the Attorney General wants.

Probate ST-19-PS-0080 166

Q. Okay. On Page 4, the Attorney General also complains that the Epstein --well, the program, quote, fails to specify what constitutes a sexual assault and who qualifies as a claimant.

What in your experience is the program--what constitutes sexual assault in this program?

A. The submission by a Plaintiff's lawyer or pro se claimant claiming that the alleged victim was abused in various ways, minimally to very, very extensively, here are all the circumstances given rise to that sexual abuse and the administrator will make a determination as to eligibility and as to the amount, if eligible, the amount of money that will be proffered or offered to that claimant.

Q. It sounds like a whole bunch of questions. Is it fair to say that it's an extremely low bar for a person or her counsel to come forward and to participate in the program and then have a dialogue with the program about what is just compensation?

A. Yes, it is. Much lower than a

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
167

court of law.

Q. And Ms. George expresses concern
that, quote, children who were sexually abused
by Mr. Epstein may mistakenly believe that
they consented to this assault and may not
recognize their eligibility for compensation.

Of those that you're familiar
with who has come forward, do any of them
allege that they were minors when Mr. Epstein
sexually abused them?

A. I'm not aware of individual claims
at this stage.

Q. Combining a number of concerns
that Ms. George has, why is there a window and
a deadline and why does the program not just
go on forever? I know Ms. Feldman addressed
that, but can I hear from you?

A. You can't have a program like this
go on forever. It's not good for claimants.
In the 911 fund, two thirds of all the
claimants arrived and filed a claim in the
last ninety days of a 33-month program. If you
do not have a deadline, people procrastinate.
It's human nature.

So we try and set up a timeline

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
168

that will provide claimants and their Counsel
ample opportunity to file claims. We have
discussed this, not only with the estate, but
with the various lawyers representing
claimants.

Q. And if a claimant missed that
window, will they still have recourse to the
courts?

A. Not only will they have recourse
to the courts, but as you may understand, we,
in certain circumstances, will bend the rules
to allow a late filing.

Q. On Page 5 of her letter, Ms.
George urges that, quote, any program proposed
to compensate Mr. Epstein's victims should
counsel the psychological trauma of minors
who often repress memories of their abuse by
allowing them additional time for filing a
claim instead of limiting time for filing. Do
you feel the program give enough time?

A. I think so and I agree with that
statement, but I think that a nine-month
program, as the word gets out, we should be
able to get all eligible claimants to file.

Q. And you just covered this but in

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
169

your experience, the programs have cutoffs and then there is some flexibility that the administrator has to try to loop people in who for whatever reason has missed the time?

A. In the 911 Victim Compensation Fund, 97% of all eligible claimants filed. In the GM Ignition Switch Traumatic Car Accident Program, over 95% filed and in all of these church sexual abuse cases, the overwhelming number, well in excess of 95%, filed within the deadline.

Q. On Page 5, Ms. George continues and says, quote, the evidence requirement could potentially exclude deserving claimants, close quote, and says there's concern that the program will exclude victims or claimants who may be unable to document their claims. What's your reaction to that?

A. That's a very legitimate concern. We think the way the protocol was drafted and the procedures that have been drafted will satisfy the Attorney General that we won't find eligible claimants deemed ineligible and that is a very real concern of ours in drafting the protocol.

Probate ST-19-PH-0080
170

Q. I mean, that's a very fine point I asked. It's not really clear to me whether the Attorney General is concerned about finding too many people eligible or finding too many people ineligible.

I mean the goal of the program, right, is to figure out the people who are truly eligible and to accurately figure out what is just compensation?

A. Correct.

Q. That's the whole game, right?

A. Correct.

Q. Okay. We covered the concern about being forced to come to New York or not being heard. If need be, could you envision coming down here, I guess you or Ms. Feldman coming down here if there's enough people here and meeting with claimants?

A. Absolutely. Don't forget, what these people often want as much as compensation, if not more, is validation, is acknowledgment, the opportunity to be heard and this is something that is a very important voluntary aspect of the program.

Q. Ms. George complains that the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
171

program, quote, contains no assurances that
the information submitted by a claimant cannot
be later used against her if she thereafter
decides to file suit against the estate or any
other co-defendant.

Is that criticism grounded in
the way you see the program?

A. No. No. The protocol expressly
secures the confidentiality of anything
provided by the claimant. The claimant, and
the claimant alone, decides the extent of
transparency or disclosure - not the program,
not the administrator, or the estate.

Q. A few more, on Page 6, there's a
concern that notes, quote, the program
provides no protection to claimants who
voluntarily provide information that may later
be used to defend the estate from claims or
provides evidence against other victims. Does
the program work that way?

A. No. The program seals all the
information and various common law and
statutorial privileges apply. We've seen that
in these other programs - attorney-client,
etcetera; settlement discussions, etcetera.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 172

Q. Is one thing clear between you and
the executor's and their counsel that you are
independent, right?

A. That's right. When the estate
approached me --and the Court asked this
question a little earlier.

When the estate approached me
and I recommended Ms. Feldman and Ms. Biros, I
had certain preconditions based on my
experience.

One: Once the program is up and
running, any decision made by Ms. Feldman as
the Administrator is independent and may not
be challenged by the estate.

Second pre-condition, I asked
the estate point blank, is there enough money
in the program to indemnify all eligible
claimants and the expressed answer I received
from the estate is absolutely. There are
sufficient funds in the estate to provide
eligible claimants with generous compensation
without resort to any cap or any artificial
ceiling placed on an individual award.

Now, I reminded the estate that
in the 911 fund the compensation ranged from

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 173

$250,000 a claim. We had a few claims in
excess of five million dollars. In the GM
Ignition Switch programs, the claims ranged
from about $100,000 to a few million dollars
and I wanted to be satisfied that in designing
this protocol, the estate had sufficient
assets-- not only to fund the infrastructure,
the budget, but albeit, sufficient funds
without a cap for the administrator to fund in
some cases perhaps multi-million dollar
awards. The estate has assured me and Ms.
Feldman that there are sufficient funds so
that any reasonable program with maybe fifty
or one hundred, maybe more claimants, there
will be claimants that will received, I
suspect, multi-million dollar awards and there
would be claimants deemed ineligible because
Ms. Feldman is correct that when you build one
of these programs, there will be certain
claimants who will file and will be found
ineligible.

So in response to the Court,
I can't say yet without examining the claims
whether the average claim will be one hundred
thousand dollars, a million dollars, two

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 174

million dollars but the protocol anticipates
any claimant deemed eligible can be valued by
the Administrator without regard to limited
funds.

Some other plaintiffs' counsel
raised this; I've raised this with David
Boies; I've raised this with Brad Edwards;
I've raised this with other Plaintiff's
counsel. There is no cap and Plaintiff's
Counsel have been assured that they should
participate in this program.

Q. Directing your attention to when
Ms. George says on Page 7 of her letter,
quote, the range of compensation must be
available to claimants before filing. It goes
on to say, quote, the potential range of
compensation available for each claim should
be provided in advance, close quote.

Based on your experience, is
that the way you generally develop the
protocol?

A. Can't be. Until we examine the
claims and the allegations and the
circumstantial evidence of abuse, you can't
begin to anticipate variations among

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
175

claimants. You can't develop a public matrix that will, I think, raise false expectations as to what the ranges would be. There's a certain degree of discretion that the independent administrator must have once reviewing the entire file to determine eligible compensation.

Q. If the claimant wishes, this includes an interview with Ms. Feldman, correct?

A. At the claimant's option. Not required. Failure to request a hearing won't adversely impact the administrator. That's something that the claimant must decide with his or her lawyer.

Q. A few more. On Page 6, Ms. George says, quote, the absence of clear and precise parameters for inclusion or exclusion in the program fails to provide appropriate guidance to ensure potential claimants will not be left out. Specifically, without clear criteria, potential claimants neither have the information or confidence to approach the fund.

We've been over this, basically,

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
176

you believe you've been sexually abused and you show up, that is sufficient? I mean, do you feel there is a need for more infrastructure at the front end?

A. In the draft protocol that we hope to finalize with the approval of this Court, we lay out in some pretty clear language the criteria that the administrator looks at. It's similar to what we're looking at now in the Catholic Church sexual abuse cases in five states. It's basically that type of criteria. It's not exclusive but we think that provides the claimant, and I think the Attorney General, with a pretty good blueprint of what Ms. Feldman will be looking at in administering this voluntary program.

Q. Ms. George makes the statement that the program administrator's ability to award compensation, quote, makes it less likely that each claimant receives the compensation to which she is fairly and impartially entitled. Your view on that?

A. Well, I just said that is not true. As long as there's no cap on the program, as long as Administrator Feldman can

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 177

render an independent decision as to each claim without regard to any cap, based on the state's representations, I don't think any eligible claimant is going to be shortchanged by the number of eligible claimants.

Q. So far, I just want to ask you, do you agree that one of the themes that the Attorney General is pointing towards is concern that any claimant will somehow be disadvantaged, not receive enough consideration, there might be a cap on what they may get. In other words concern that people would come forward and state that they have been victimized and become claimants, they need to be treated as well as possible?

A. I think that's right. I think it's a fair concern but I think the protocol addresses that concern and ensures that each claimant will receive an independent valuation without regard to available, other available funds.

Q. You've already addressed this, but the demand that Ms. George makes on Page 7 is that the program, quote, should disclose any limits on the amounts of compensation

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
178

individually or collectively - speaking of compensation to claimants.

In your view, should those amounts be disclosed? You know, married to an identifier of the claimant? In other words, Claimant named A,B,C receives X,Y,Z?

A. No. I don't think claimants in particular, claimants in particular don't want amounts that they've received to be disclosed and the protocol spells out expressly that there is no cap or no limit on the amount of individual compensation.

Q. Right. She says the quote addresses disclosing limits. You don't want a limit?

A. That's right.

Q. If a claimant doesn't like the compensation award she receives, can she reject it?

A. Of course, very few do if we do our job right, but the answer is yes.

Q. I was just going to ask you, in your experience with just a couple of the funds that you've run, what has been the acceptance rate exactly?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 179

A. All of the funds that I've administered, the acceptance rate is above 90% and that's because the programs have very quick -- I think Ms. Feldman was a little guarded. I think in this program since it's been delayed in up and running, I think the compensation decisions once made, people will be paid within a week and I'll be very surprised --it will be a first --if we don't have the vast number of eligible claimants paid quickly.

Q. And then are you---well, Ms. George said that --this is on Page 7 again. There is a lot on Page 7. She says, quote, the waiver of requirement is unjust -- referring to the waiver requirement that, I think this is what she is terming the waiver--that if somebody receives compensation, she must give a global release. Do you view that as unjust or necessary?

A. I don't view it as unjust. It's a voluntary program. If the claimant and her lawyer don't feel that the compensation that's offered by Ms. Feldman is fair or just or reasonable, they opt out and continue to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
180

litigate or pursue other remedies.

Q. Is the estate vulnerable to third party claims and how does that work if, in fact, the estate does not receive a general release from a compensated claimant?

A. That's a very interesting provocative question raised by the Attorney General and others. And as Ms. Feldman stated earlier, the scope of the release has not yet been finalized. The estate has to make a decision. Does it want total peace?

Ms. Feldman, you will pay what ever is necessary to secure a comprehensive release so we won't be cross-claimed by a claimant or alternatively now, if a claimant wants to release the estate but litigate against X or Y, that is up to the claimant.

So that is a critical issue and you can argue both ways and I think that the estate and the administrator and the plaintiffs' lawyers are discussing that at this time.

Q. Page 8, Ms. George complains that the program, quote, does not specify whether the administrator is permitted or required to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
181

share evidence with law enforcement, thus
positioning the program as a potential means
to conceal criminal activity, close quote. I
take it that wasn't an accusation that you're
trying to conceal anything, but in any event,
what's your view on that?

A. In the forty years that I've
designed and administered these programs, law
enforcement has never sought to secure any
civil confidential information.

In the church cases, the
Attorney General of various states have come
to us and said, you know, you have a lot of
information about wrongdoings by Clergy and we
refused to--we work out with the Attorney
General, go see the diocese or the Church.
Don't come to a program where claimants,
individual victims have participated in a
program on the absolute guarantee of the
administrator that information that have been
submitted will not be disclosed to anybody.
And that is a very important part of this.
Claimants do not want information disclosed.

Q. The program, would it respect that
wish of claimants?

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 182

A. It's expressly spelled out in the protocol, yes.

Q. And they can still go to law enforcement. Period. Full stop. It's up to them?

A. It's up to them and they can go public. That's up to them. The estate cannot. The administrator cannot.

Q. On Page 8, Ms. George says that the program, quote, presents an unavoidable conflicts of interest, close quote, between the executors and the program. She said, the Co-Executors have, quote, an inescapable conflict of interest in recommending a program that proposes to compensate any individual or entity making such allegations requiring in return overly broad releases. Do you have a view on this?

A. You have to ask the estate on that. I can tell you that before we agreed to take on this assignment, Ms. Feldman and myself and Ms. Biros, we have received absolute assurances from the estate that they will play no role in the day-to-day administration of this program.

Probate ST-19-PR-0080 183

Q. Okay. So when it comes to the time to set what is viewed as just compensation for claimants anywhere, for me, my clients, one of the Co-Executors, other counsel, zero, right?

A. No. Zero.

Q. And in terms of your understanding, just from your long experience of the Co-Executors, in viewing them so far, do you view them there as exercising their fiduciary duty appropriately?

A. In this case?

Q. In this program?

A. Very much so. The estate has made it clear from day one they want to create an independent claims program to quickly and efficiently resolve these sexual abuse claims against the estate in a manner that is efficient, cost effective and satisfies their fiduciary duties.

There have been no problems. They have worked closely with us as have the Plaintiff's lawyers in designing and implementing this program.

Q. And Ms. George goes on to say on Page 9 that, quote, disclosure of conflicts is

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 184

critical to allow the Court to evaluate the
ability of the program to engage in error and
impartial arms length negotiations or
resolutions.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Your Honor, if I
may, Counsel is referring to a letter; there's
no letter that's before the Court that's from
the Attorney General. He's referring to a
motion. It's not a letter. There's no
communication with the Attorney General to the
estate.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Sorry.

THE COURT: I've been reading along
on the Motion.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: It's in the
motion, Your Honor. I have been referring to
it as a letter. Thank you very much.

By Attorney Tomback:
Q. So let's assume there is a
conflict in some way that the Executor has
with something-- I don't know what. Would that
matter in terms of the determination that the
program makes?
A. No. Under the protocol and under
the agreement, once this program is up and

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
185

running, Ms. Feldman examines every claim and makes an independent judgment as to eligibility first and valuation second.

Q. And the next to the last, we've covered the concern about undisclosed costs and the budget and the engagement letter. So I want to address that.

The last thing on Page 9 that Ms. George asserts the program as proposed, quote, offers no reconciliation or accountability because, quote, there's no disclosure of Mr. Epstein's conduct, the number of victims or the amount of awards paid.

Does the program in anyway discourage disclosure of Mr. Epstein's or anybody's conduct related to him?

A. No. This program is about compensating victims quickly. Whether or not there's criminal activity or criminal investigation or what have you, this program is focused strictly on determining eligible compensation and paying those victims who have waited so long for compensation.

Q. Besides the specific identify, will the number of victims, the amount of

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 186

awards paid by the program be disclosed and provided to the Court for its review?

A. You'll have to ask the estate that. I'm assuming that there would be some degree of obligation on the part of the administrator to keep the Court informed about the progress and scope of the program.

Q. If this program does not go forward in real speed, in real time, in your view based on your experience with similar programs, what is the likely outcome?

A. It will be a tragedy. It will be a tragedy not to quickly try and compensate as many victims as come forward who are eligible.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor, I welcome any questions you may have of Mr. Feinberg. I'm done.

THE COURT: I don't believe the concern is of the program and what the program is designed to accomplish or whether the persons who have been engaged to design this program have the experience, knowledge and can get it done.

No one has addressed for me --and I keep coming back to that --I'm still at I go

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 187

forward with the program and how do I do that
with what the Government of the Virgin Islands
has filed because the program requires a
significant expenditure of monies, right, and
it is the victims come in, I understand you
would like a quick turn around, but victims
could have awards of millions of dollars and
then the Government of the Virgin Islands is
here saying the estate has been dissipated.

We've proceeded with the
program; you knew we had this lien; assets of
the estate were converted to cash to satisfy
the claims. That's where I am. I never had
any concerns about the program and how the
program would work.

And as the claimant's counsel
who were present said everybody agrees the
program is what they want. They just wanted
to know what is the money to establish the
program. We now have a budget and now we have
that the awards can be any amount depending on
how the victim presents what she is able to or
can show the administrator, but we still come
back to this lien on everything of the estate.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Your Honor,

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 188

we'll speak to it right now.

THE COURT: Yes.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: But can I just point out one last thing before we do that. If you look at the prayer for relief of the Attorney General, correct, I mean it basically summarizes that the Attorney General wants all the money.

THE COURT: Yes, I got that. She wants everything.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: But the Attorney General, in her Complaint and in her Motion To Intervene has put forth--I think the witnesses have been completely clear--it's sort of--I don't think intentionally--but sort of fake facts about the program. I just want to put the cap on that.

THE COURT: Okay.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: I don't understand why the Attorney General is talking about the program and why the Attorney General is even criticizing the program. If she's basically just saying I want to take all the money, right, and I want to deny the victims the right to the program and I want to try to

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
189

gum up the entire estate, well, sure, we'll talk to the Attorney General. I don't understand, but we'll grapple with the merits of her claim but the merits of her criticisms with the program is why Mr. Feinberg is here and Ms. Feldman and I'm asking questions and why the Plaintiffs, I presume, are defending the program. I'm just saying they don't have any merit and I want to move on.

THE COURT: You talked to the Attorney General. I let you address the Attorney General's concern. My concern was how much money are we talking about to fund the program for this Court to approve and you say to the executors, you can fund this program; you can set this up, right. I didn't go into the merits of the program because I have where all the claims that are filed, everybody said they support the program.

The issue is, and I keep bringing it back, is how does this Court fund this program if I have what the Attorney General has set an action in process in the civil court and has filed a lien that says you

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 190

cannot use any assets of the estate?
Wouldn't I have to move
significant assets over to this program if you
are going to compensate victims within 12 to
14 days? That's what it is.

But you're saying the Attorney
General, whether or not she's not compensating
any particular victims, she is seeking to
compensate the People of the Virgin Islands --
that is her client. That is who she
represents.

Now, if you want to go over to
the civil court and say she has no merits to
say I should take what the estate has, that
the People can't show why she should be
entitled to that --and I see it in the
complaint --and I did have the Complaint
before me.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Well, to be
honest, I don't want to get into the merits
but it's not quite as simple as the Attorney
General might think.

THE COURT: But that is not for me
to determine, right?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: Right.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
191

THE COURT: Another Judge is going to handle that.

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: What I want to say are two things. One, in terms of what the Attorney General can do here, you know, there are other law enforcement authorities. There is a house in New York; there's a ranch in New Mexico; and it will be a shame if the Attorney General, as I understand it, has not been in contact with the United States Attorney General for the Southern District of New York which still has the active investigation going. It would be a shame if we have a battle between law enforcement agencies and it destroys the ability of the estate to address the victims.

Your Honor, I just want to say on my own behalf that I hope that the Attorney General, through the presentation of Ms. Feldman and Mr. Feinberg that she could at least claim to be interested in the victims and I think that we have tried to make a case to her here that this is a good program that will help the victims.

So hopefully we can make some

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
192

progress in figuring out how much the Attorney
General needs in terms of cash in the estate
to let the program go forward.

THE COURT: Maybe that is what you
have to talk to the Attorney General about.
That is why I keep saying maybe the estate
needs to talk to the Attorney General and the
Attorney General will say, you know what? I
filed this lien, but maybe I will release so
much to fund the program, but to me, the
Attorney General has taken a lien on
everything this estate has.

THE WITNESS: Your Honor, may I be
heard just in response?

THE COURT: Sir?

THE WITNESS: This has happened
occasionally in other programs that I've
designed.

THE COURT: Okay. Somebody help me.

THE WITNESS: For example,
sometimes the Government says we're interested
in seizing or freezing the assets because we
want to make sure that through restitution and
civil and criminal fines there will be enough
money available from the estate to compensate

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 193

eligible victims.

Well, in this program, I would
hope based on the testimony that the AG of the
Virgin Islands will see no reason to freeze
for purposes of restitution and fines owing to
the victims because the victims, under the
estate plan, will be compensated quickly
without regard to the public intervening.

And the second point I think
you've made very very clear. In my experience
that if the estate and distinguished Counsel
sit down with the Attorney General now that
the Attorney General has a better
understanding, I think, of the program that
Your Honor has elicited from the testimony, I
would like to think that the Attorney General
and distinguished Counsel shall be able to
work out a solution for these women, the
innocent victims of this delay. That's the
real dilemma here.

THE COURT: Right. And that's
what I am saying because, right, if we have
the lien and it's a question of, remember we
said we have to go and research it, what is
that lien? That lien seems to take everything

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 194

because it begins with the estate and all
these assets are sitting in the estate held by
the decedent, right, of these corporations,
all the shares and all these shares, the
corporations own the real property. So title
is in the decedent.

So the Attorney General has come
in and she put a lien on all that property.
Even if I wanted to fund that program, what
could I safely move over to that program that
doesn't impact what I've now been put on
notice there's nothing that I can transfer.

And so I think we now understand
the program and I thank you for your testimony
and Ms. Feldman. We now understand the
program better, right, not just on paper but
understanding how it will work through your
testimony.

Claimants attorneys have heard
the testimony on how this program is designed
to work. We may just need to tweak with the
development of the release, the protocol has
been changed in some way. Can it be that this
Court can safely, with the consent of the
Attorney General, move so much money into that

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 195

program to then allow that program to proceed
to start compensating the victims/claimants in
the manner in which Counsel present want it
done without impacting what the Attorney
General believes she has to do as her legal
representative of the People of the Virgin
Islands? Can that be something that can be
done?

I've heard it all today, but I
keep saying, I have this lien. I know she
opposes--and you know what? I don't even
think the Attorney General has to go to oppose
the program. All she had to do is file a
lien; you're stopped. I filed a lien and
you're stopped, right?

ATTORNEY TOMBACK: But just to
put a fine point on this, Your Honor, and Mr.
Feinberg used the word tragic; I would use the
word waste. But if a terrible waste if the
way in which the Court views its jurisdiction
and the Attorney General views its
responsibilities, we'll see the estate really
getting, and able to pay for litigation and
ultimately probable able to pay for claims
simply because there are enough assets in the

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 196

United States to pay for those claims, but to
go down that road and not be able to fund the
program which is a much better option, I think
for all. So we will work with the Attorney
General to get something done.

THE COURT: I keep thinking you
are missing what I am saying. She has taken a
lien on the entire estate. She's not taking a
lien on Little St. James only. She's taking a
lien on the entire estate and say no assets
can be taken out and her lien is a priority
lien. It specifically says nothing can be
taken out so if I approve the funding of the
program, you start talking, the claimant's
come in; you start awarding claims. You know
what I asked Ms. Feldman, so can I then tell
the victims, now just wait until whatever
resolves itself down here in the VI and you
said no. That defeats the whole purpose of
the program. Right? And we can have claims
where it could be a multi-million dollar claim
that a person gets or you would have thirty
cases so far. Thirty people, all get 20
million dollars. Well, now the executor has
to be able to pay over this money but we have

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
197

this action going on that no, he can't.

So it has to be worked out with something either hold back to some extent and the Attorney General say, yes, I understand now. This program has been fully presented. The claimants attorneys are all in support of it because it will give quick resolution for settlement of these victims. They can be compensated. There's a spread, depending on what evidence they present but we need to be able to move so much of those assets of the Epstein estate over there to that program. And I think it just comes to that.

So talk, I think you people need to talk; the two sides need to speak. I've not allowed the Attorney General to intervene so the AG did not hear any questions but I'm still left where I know that I have been put on notice that this lien is there.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: Your Honor?

THE COURT: Yes.

UNIDENTIFIED SPEAKER: If I may, we filed a supplemental brief in this matter, Your Honor.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 198

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: It does address
the issues Your Honor has raised.
THE COURT: Did you file a
Supplemental brief? When?
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, we did.
Last Friday.
THE COURT: Last Friday?
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yeah.
THE COURT: What is the date?
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: The 31st.
THE COURT: Okay, then I have to
get to that. And you addressed that?
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: It addresses the
issue, one about the priority of the lien,
Your Honor. The Attorney General, when they
filed that says that the lien takes priority,
they cut off the last sentence of the Statute
and it clearly says that the lien takes
priority and it says overall interest if the
interest is acquired subsequent to the filing
of the notice.
THE COURT: That's a beneficial
interest in it.
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor.
But what we've addressed is that the lien

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 199

doesn't actually have a super priority; it has
other things come before it and it's the issue
of priority. And we also filed in the brief
that we believe because the decedent died and
the money went to the estate, this Court took
control of the money. It's not some other
Court that has control of the money; they
didn't file the lien prior to the death so
therefore this Court has control of all of
decedent's money and the distribution of it.

They can file a lien and seek
for a claim in this court, but as far as
freezing the assets, we don't believe that
they can and it's addressed in our
Supplemental Brief.

THE COURT: Okay. I may have
overlooked that. Then I will find that.

ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Thank you,
Your Honor.

ATTORNEY SMITH: Just the same,
we would like an opportunity to respond, Your
Honor, cause we just got it on Friday. Sorry,
we got it yesterday at five clock by mail so
they didn't really want to have us have an
opportunity to respond.

Probate ST-19-PH-0080
200

THE COURT: Well, Okay.
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: That's not true, Your Honor.
ATTORNEY SMITH: It is true.
THE COURT: Okay. The bottom line is, Attorney Kroblin, I've not seen it.
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: I understand, Your Honor. I just wanted to bring it to the Court's attention.
THE COURT: I'm going to look at it. You may have given me where I can begin the research on this.
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: Yes, Your Honor. Just as far a briefing goes for us to understand whether the Government, the lien, cause in its papers that has been filed although the lien seems very broad in the papers that they've filed, they say they didn't want to impede in any way the victims and their being compensated.
THE COURT: I did note that.
ATTORNEY KROBLIN: So it seems that the Government actually has carved out from the lien what would be this program and any payment to victims. So we would like some

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
201

clarity on the Government's position whether it's actually seeks to impede the process of paying victims or if the lien specifically carves out the program of the victims.

ATTORNEY SMITH: You are free to speak to the Attorney General about that issue.

THE COURT: Yes, we know. He is just a designee here. What is the extent of the lien, correct?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Yes.

THE COURT: And I read the extent of the lien to be everything.

ATTORNEY SMITH: That is what it provides, Your Honor.

THE COURT: But you said you had a Supplemental Brief and I would definitely look for that.

ATTORNEY SMITH: And, Your Honor, we would just ask for a seven-day period to respond to that.

THE COURT: A seven--

ATTORNEY SMITH: Seven days.

THE COURT: Oh, I thought you said seven weeks.

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
202

ATTORNEY SMITH: No. Seven days to respond to it because we just literally got it yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock.

THE COURT: Sorry. You may step down from the witness stand.

[Witness excused]

You know what? So the Court is going to--I've now received the testimony of the interested parties concerning this Voluntary Claims Resolution Program. I'm going to allow persons to file in seven days, you have the response to the Supplemental Brief --I do have to find that--any claimants' attorneys who wish to file any memorandums of law or anything what you believe can guide the Court, again the seven days.

This Court is going to make a quick turn around on its decision concerning whether it can go ahead to fund this program, yes or no on the motion that you have. So is that fair enough, seven days?

ATTORNEY SMITH: To file the brief, Your Honor, yes.

THE COURT: And anybody else, file any response, any information, any guidance,

Probate ST-19-PB-0080 203

any memorandum of law that you believe will assist the Court, because I think I've dealt with all motions before this Court. The only one remaining is the creation -- no, the funding of this program through the assets of this estate. Correct, and will be determined then how the Court reads that lien that has been filed by the Attorney General and in the time where you are preparing your briefs or your memorandum of law or whatever you believe you need to file with the Court, I ask both sides, Attorney Smith, Attorney Tepper, please, Attorney Blum, Attorney Kroblin, Attorney Whalen, and all the attorneys for the estate, to see if we can meet cause I understand the Attorney General's position and her arguments, but I also understand what the estate is trying to achieve as to the victims, the alleged victims who are represented by their counsels who wish this program to be put into place so they can proceed because I really agree, the program is going to save time and money and especially in attorneys' fees. It has to be a more effective way of marshalling the assets than both sides

Probate ST-19-PB-0080
204

engaging counsel going into courts, but I have to understand how, why I'm researching to see if this lien just tie up everything of the estate. Maybe the parties on their own could come to some resolution and say we have so much money, give it to the program, fund the program to allow those victims to get their compensation to get their relief and then we'll fight whatever we have to fight in the civil forfeiture proceeding. Fair enough?

ATTORNEY SMITH: Thank you, Your Honor.

THE COURT: Thank you, everyone.

(Hearing Adjourned)

Certificate

Certified to be a true and accurate transcription of said hearing to the best of my ability.

S/S Nida Bell, RPR, RMR
Stenographer