IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS

FILED

August 04, 2022 03:46 PM

ST-2020-CV-00155

TAMARA CHARLES

CLERK OF THE COURT

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS DIVISION OF ST. THOMAS AND ST. JOHN

***

GHISLAINE MAXWELL,

Plaintiff,

v.

ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, RICHARD D. KAHN, in his capacity as EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. ESTEIN, and NES, LLC, a New York Limited Liability Company,

Defendants.

CIVIL NO: ST-20-CV-155

COMPLEX

# NOTICE OF APPEARANCE

COMES NOW KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC, by and through Christopher Allen Kroblin, Esq., and Shari N. D'Andrade, Esq., and hereby appear for Defendant DARREN K. INDYKE, in his capacity as the EXECUTOR OF THE ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN in the above-captioned proceeding. It is respectfully requested that all pleadings, notices, orders, or other documents filed in the above-captioned case be served on the undersigned.

Respectfully,

Dated: August 4, 2022

/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin

CHRISTOPHER ALLEN KROBLIN, ESQ.

SHARI N. D'ANDRADE, ESQ

V.I. Bar Nos. 966 &amp; 1221

KELLERHALS FERGUSON KROBLIN PLLC

Royal Palms Professional Building

Maxwell v. Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, et al.
Notice of Appearance
Civil No. ST-20-CV-155
Page 2

9053 Estate Thomas, Suite 101
St. Thomas, V.I. 00802
Telephone: (340) 779-2564
Facsimile: (888) 316-9269
Email: ckroblin@kellfer.com
sdandrade@kellfer.com

# CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

I HEREBY CERTIFY that on August 4, 2022, I caused a true and exact copy of the foregoing Notice of Appearance, which complies with the page or word limitation set forth in Rule 6-1(e), to be served via VIJEFS upon:

Kyle R. Waldner, Esq.
Quintairos, Prieto, Wood &amp; Boyer, P.A.
9300 S. Dadeland Blvd., 4th Floor
Miami, FL 33156
kwaldner@qpwblaw.com

Carol Thomas Jacobs, Esq.
Ariel M. Smith, Esq.
Assistant Attorney General
Virgin Islands Department of Justice
Office of the Attorney General
34-38 Kronprindsens Gade
St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802
Carol.jacobs@doj.vi.gov
ariel.smith@doj.vi.gov

Gordon C. Rhea, Esq.
Gordon C. Rhea, P.C.
1533 Appling Dr.
Mt. Pleasant, S.C. 29464
grhea@rpwb.com

/s/ Christopher Allen Kroblin