IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
FILED
March 17, 2023 10:44 AM
ST-2020-CV-00155
TAMARA CHARLES
CLERK OF THE COURT
RECORD OF PROCEEDINGS

# IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS
District of St. Thomas/St. John

GHISLAINE MAXWELL,
PLAINTIFF,
Case Number: ST-2020-CV-00155
Action: Debt
v.

ESTATE OF JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN, et al.,
DEFENDANTS.
Type of Case: ☑Civil ☐Domestic Relations ☐Small Claims ☐Probate
Date of Trial: March 17, 2023

Ghislane Maxwell Appeared: ☑Yes ☐No Appeared: ☐Yes ☐No
Witness Sworn: ☐Yes ☑No
Defendant Acknowledged Debt: ☐Yes ☐No

Amount Sued for: Click or tap here to enter text.
Case Postponed to:

ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF
Ghislaine Maxwell, Pro se

ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT
Gorden . Rhea, Esq., Shari N. D'Andrade, Esq.,
Daniel S. Ruzumma, Esq.

WITNESS FOR PLAINTIFF

WITNESS FOR DEFENDANT

By Default: ☐Yes ☐No
Case Dismissed: ☐Yes ☐No

Amount Judgement: $
Court Cost: $
Attorney's Fee: $

# Clerk Notes
This matter came on for a Status Conference. The court ask Ms. Ghislaine Maxwell if it is her intent to proceed with the lawsuit or squashed it. Ms. Maxwell replied to the court she would proceed with the lawsuit, and also she is looking for new counsel and asking the court for more time to find new counsel. The Attorneys for the Defendants have no objections for her getting an additional Sixty (60) days to find counsel.

Commenced: 10:00 a.m.
Adjourned: 10:04 a.m.

Staff Master Presiding: Joseph Gasper, II
Court Reporter: Randall Belsvik
By:

Paula Claxton
Court Clerk III