EFTA00024030

From: " " )" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt; , " (USANYS) [Contractor]"

Subject: RE: Maxwell Review

Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 19:29:26 +0000

Great, thanks.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:27 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Subject: FW: Maxwell Review

FYI. No pushback from .

From: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:26 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Maxwell Review

Got it.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:20 PM

To: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) &lt; ; (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: Maxwell Review

Hi and

Just want to put an issue on your radar. As you may recall, we paid a vendor to scan the SDFL Epstein file in October, and we are hopeful that it will be loaded into Relativity by the end of March (the delay was unfortunate, but we're hopeful PAE can make it happen soon). In order to meet pretrial disclosure deadlines, we need to review the file (which we understand to be 30k documents) to determine what has already been produced. We have recruited 4 paralegals and an intern in PC to help conduct this review, and have requested an additional 3-4 paralegals from Darcy to assist. The deadline is the end of April, so the team has about a month to complete the review.

Happy to discuss any further if you have any questions.

Thanks very much,

Deputy Chief, Public Corruption Unit

U.S. Attorney's Office

Southern District of New York

Desk

Cell