EFTA00026628

From:
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Re: - Epstein
Date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 22:50:40 +0000

Hi ,

No need to take any more time out of what I'm sure was a busy weekend for you. Let's set a time for Tuesday morning (the earlier the better for me). Let me know what works for you.

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer's Plaza | 4th Floor
Miami Florida 33129
t
f.
e.
www.crimlawfirm.com

On Jul 7, 2019, at 4:04 PM,  $&lt;$  wrote:

,

Thank you for reaching out, and we would be happy to schedule a time to speak with you. I expect our schedules may be somewhat unpredictable tomorrow; would it work to set a time to talk on Tuesday? We can schedule it for before you meet with Ms. , if that's helpful. Or if you'd like to talk sooner, we could schedule a time later today, or check in tomorrow about a possible afternoon discussion. Please let us know what you prefer, and we look forward to being in touch.

thank you,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From:
Sent: Saturday, July 06, 2019 22:55
To:  $&lt;$  Subject: - Epstein

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: July 6, 2019 at 10:51:09 PM EDT
To:
Cc:
Subject: - Epstein
Mr.

My former partner, , represented (now known as ), prior to his passing in 2018. Agent served Ms. with a grand jury subpoena earlier today, and as former partner and FL Bar appointed inventory attorney, she has contacted me. Unfortunately, I am unable to meet with her until Tuesday, but I would appreciate a few minutes of your time at your convenience as I am getting up to speed. Please let me know what day/time is best for you.

Look forward to speaking with you.

Best,

ROSS AMSEL RABEN NASCIMENTO, PLLC
Lawyer's Plaza | 4th Floor
Miami Florida 33129
f.
e.
www.crimlawfirm.com

EFTA00026629