From: " (OIG)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS)" &lt;, " (USANYS)"

Cc: " (OIG)" &lt;

Subject: RE: meeting with

Date: Tue, 08 Jun 2021 19:09:15 +0000

Attachments: Warning for Employee (Voluntary Interview Form).docx; Kalkines Warning (Compelled Interview Form).docx

Good afternoon and

I hope this email finds you well. I have attached the draft interview questions for for your review. This is still a draft and will certainly be edited prior to the interview. However, I wanted to give you both enough time to review the questions so that you were able to make any edits and/or suggestions that you feel appropriate prior to the interview. I only ask that you make your edits in track changes so that I am clear on what it is you have changed. I have also attached the forms which we, as DOJ OIG agents, are required to provide to all employees at the start of their Subject interview. Per our conversation, it is my understanding that we will be utilizing the Voluntary Interview Form, but I also wanted to provide you with the Compelled Interview Form, in case you wanted to compare the two to be certain we are all of the same understanding. Finally, we received guidance that we are required to record the interviews, so please let me know if you know (or believe) this to be a problem so that we may address the issue prior to the interview(s).

Thanks very much in advance. I hope you're both having a nice day.

SSA

U.S. Department of Justice

OIG Boston Area Office

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, June 8, 2021 9:08 AM

To: (OIG) &lt;, (OIG) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: meeting with

See below. Does this work for you? We are still waiting on a update from counsel, whom we spoke to last week. I will let you know what we hear.

From: Montell Figgins, Esq. &lt;

Sent: Monday, June 7, 2021 9:53 AM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: meeting with

Mr. is available on June 17, 2021.

EFTA00025223

mf

Law Offices of Montell Figgins

www.figginslaw.com

EFTA00025224