From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: for new victim witness services website, for the Maxwell case
Date: Wed, 08 Jul 2020 15:30:46 +0000

Could we please create a new Victim &amp; Witnesses Services page for the Maxwell case, similar to what we did for the Epstein case last year? The header can be the same format as Epstein, with the top two lines as:

**United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)**

If you believe you were a victim of Ghislaine Maxwell or have information about the allegations in the Indictment, please call 1-800-Call-FBI

And then for the first entry, a “July 8, 2020 update”, could we please post the following, along with a link to the PDF of the indictment:

On July 2, 2020, the United States Attorney’s Office announced the unsealing of federal felony charges against GHISLAINE MAXWELL on charges of enticement of a minor to engage in illegal sex acts, transportation of a minor to engage in illegal sex acts, conspiracy, and perjury. These crimes are alleged to have occurred in locations including, but not limited to, New York, Florida, New Mexico, and the United Kingdom.

If you believe you are a victim of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, from during any time period and in any location, please contact the Victim / Witness specialists at the U.S. Attorney’s Office listed below.

The charges are contained in Indictment 20 Cr. 330 (AJN). You may view a copy of the Indictment here.

Updates regarding the progress of this case will be posted on this site.

The United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York is committed to protecting the rights of crime victims. If you believe you are a victim of the offense charged, our Victim/Witness Unit can make sure that you are notified of important stages of the case to help you exercise your rights. In addition, our Victim/Witness Unit can help refer you to agencies that provide other services to witnesses, such as compensation (under certain circumstances) and counseling. If you believe you are a victim, of if you would like information or assistance with referrals, please contact:

Victim/Witness Coordinator
United States Attorney’s Office
New York, New York 10007

\* \* \*

Let us know if any questions or issues at all? And thanks very much as always.

EFTA00024440

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00024441