Subject: FW: Query re: Epstein

Date: Thu, 13 Feb 2020 15:17:25 +0000

Just FYI.

---Original Message---

Sent: Thursday, February 13, 2020 10:16 AM
To: Kadhim Shubber <kadhim.shubber@ft.com>;
Subject: RE: Query re: Epstein

Thank you, Kadhim. Sorry, we cannot provide guidance. We'll decline to comment.

---Original Message---

From: Kadhim Shubber <kadhim.shubber@ft.com>
Sent: Thursday, February 13, 2020 10:13 AM
To:
Subject: Query re: Epstein

Hi

Hope you're both well!

I'm working with colleagues in London about a story that DOJ had passed information to the UK FCA about Jes Staley's relationship with Epstein.

You might have seen this morning that Barclays disclosed the UK's FCA and PRA are investigating Staley's statements about his links to Epstein.

I wanted to check if there was any steer or background you could give me on the information DOJ passed to the UK authorities? And also if you had any comment?

Kadhim

Kadhim Shubber | Financial Times | +1 202 909 6430 (cell) | @kadhim

*This email was sent by a company owned by Financial Times Group Limited ("FT Group <http: aboutus.ft.com="" corporate-information="" #axzz3rajcsiat="">"),

EFTA00025082</http:></kadhim.shubber@ft.com></kadhim.shubber@ft.com>

registered office at Bracken House, One Friday Street, London, EC4M 9BT.

Registered in England and Wales with company number 879531. This e-mail may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately, delete all copies and do not distribute it further. It could* *also contain personal views which are not necessarily those of the FT Group. We may monitor outgoing or incoming emails as permitted by law.*

EFTA00025083