From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: "Kramer, Amanda K" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " )" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Call
Date: Tue, 23 Feb 2021 02:10:53 +0000

Hi Amanda,

Do you have a few minutes to chat tomorrow? [REDACTED] and I are free between 11am and 4pm and after 5pm.

Thanks so much,

---Original Message---

From: Kramer, Amanda K &lt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, February 09, 2021 4:22 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Call

Hi [REDACTED] and [REDACTED],

Apologies for the delay - I had full days set aside for witness interviews and was waiting for clarity from the client. It looks like I'm available Thursday 2:30-5 and Friday 2-4. Please let me know if those times work for you.

Best,

Amanda

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Monday, February 8, 2021 7:08 PM
To: Kramer, Amanda K &lt;&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Call

[EXTERNAL]

Hi Amanda,

So sorry to bother you, but we wanted to follow up on scheduling in light of our pre-trial motion opposition deadline. Can you please let us know some times that work for you to speak?

Thanks so much,

---Original Message---

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Saturday, February 06, 2021 1:08 PM
To: 'Kramer, Amanda K' &lt;REDACTED] &lt;&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Call

Amanda,

I hope all is well. Sorry to bother you on the weekend, but we wanted to send along the emails as discussed and reach out regarding scheduling. Can you please let us know some days and times that would be convenient for you to speak by phone early next week if

EFTA00026599

possible? We are happy to speak whenever best for you.

Thanks again,

Original Message

From: Kramer, Amanda K &lt;&gt;

Sent: Friday, January 29, 2021 9:19 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;

Cc: ) &lt;&gt;, ) &lt;&gt;

Subject: Re: Call

Hi all,

I'm flexible on Tuesday before 2:00. Does that work?

Best,

Amanda

On Jan 29, 2021, at 9:04 PM, (USANYS) &lt;&gt; wrote:

[EXTERNAL]

Hi Amanda,

I hope all is well with you. We are hoping to find a time for an initial call with you early next week. In advance of speaking, we wanted to send you your notes from a meeting in February 2016 and a link to the following article: http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/ny-jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013-jmzhl7zdrzdgrbbs7yc6bfnszu-story.html.

Can you please let us know some times that work for you?

Thanks so much, and have a good weekend,

Assistant United States Attorney

United States Attorney's Office

Southern District of New York

&lt;2016.2.29 Meeting Notes and Business Cards.pdf&gt;

EFTA00026600