From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: |  Subject: Convicted Hedge Fund Exec Claims SDNY Hid Evidence  |
| --- |
|  Date: Wed, 08 Jul 2020 07:43:50 +0000  |
|  Law360 White Collar | WHITE COLLAR  |
| --- | --- |

Wednesday, July 8, 2020

Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### Convicted Hedge Fund Exec Claims SDNY Hid Evidence

Convicted Former Premium Point Investments CEO Anilesh Ahuja says that a federal prosecutor in the Southern District of New York drafted a cooperator's guilty plea and then told a judge he didn't — a fact Ahuja claims casts doubt on the fairness of his trial.

*Letter attached | Read full article »*

### Deutsche Bank Fined $150M For Epstein, Partner Bank Lapses

New York state's financial regulator said Tuesday it fined Deutsche Bank $150 million for failing to appropriately manage its dealings with alleged bad actors including millionaire sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, who died in federal custody.

*1 document attached | Read full article »*

### Analysis

### Molotov Cases Prosecuted Like Terrorism In All But Name

Brooklyn federal prosecutors have stopped just short of invoking the legally and politically fraught term "terrorism" against the defendants, including a now-suspended Pryor Cashman associate, in alleged Molotov cocktail attacks on NYPD vehicles.

*Read full article »*

### Gov't Ties Ex-Panama President's Sons To Odebrecht Scheme

New York federal prosecutors have charged two sons of former Panamanian President Ricardo Martinelli over their alleged roles in a massive bribery and money laundering scheme tied to Brazilian conglomerate Odebrecht SA.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

### Alleged Accomplices To Ghosn Escape Can't Nix US Arrests

A federal judge in Massachusetts on Tuesday shot down a bid to invalidate the arrests of a Green Beret and his son who face extradition to Japan for allegedly helping Carlos Ghosn escape the country while on bail over criminal financial misconduct charges.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

### NYC Grand Juries To Return To State Courthouses In August

Grand juries will begin to reconvene in New York City state courts starting on Aug. 10, and some criminal matters that have been heard remotely since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic may soon be heard in person, the New York State Unified Court System announced Tuesday.

|  Law360 Practice Groups of the Year  |
| --- |

### LAW FIRMS

Barnes &amp; Thornburg
Bird Marella
Bruce S. Rogow PA
Conrad &amp; Scherer
Crowell &amp; Moring
Duane Morris
Faegre Drinker
Ghidotti Berger
Gibson Dunn
Hughes Hubbard
Jackson Lewis
Jomarron Lopez
Kang Haggerty
Kasowitz Benson
Kozyak Tropin
Kramon &amp; Graham
Labaton Sucharow
Lieff Cabraser
Marino Finley
Matthews Shiels
Mayer Brown
McDonald Hopkins
Morgan Lewis

EFTA00026428</table>

Read full article »

COMPLIANCE

# FinCEN Warns Banks About COVID-19-Related Scams

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network warned financial institutions Tuesday about two forms of consumer fraud that have proliferated during the COVID-19 pandemic, issuing an advisory with tips for detecting impostor scams and money mule schemes.

1 document attached | Read full article »

# FTC Targets Belizean Executive In Real Estate Scam Suit

The Federal Trade Commission has urged a Maryland federal judge to hold a Belizean man liable for more than $138 million in an alleged Belize real estate scam, accusing him of trying to escape his part in running a fraudulent operation that deceived American consumers.

Motion attached | Read full article »

# SECURITIES

# Ex-LA Broker Gets 6 Years For $215M Portfolio Pumping Fraud

A former Beverly Hills stockbroker was sentenced on Monday to 72 months in prison after being convicted last year of participating in a stock price manipulation scheme that pumped up the reported profits of hedge funds and caused investors to lose $215 million.

Read full article »

# Ex-JPMorgan Trader Can't Ditch Forex-Rigging Conviction

A former JPMorgan trader's conviction for scheming with the competition to fix prices in the foreign currency market remains intact after a Manhattan federal judge said the evidence at trial was more than enough to support the verdict.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

# SEC Settles With Rabbi For Bilking Jewish Investors Of $10M

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday announced a judgment against Rabbi Zvi Feiner and his two companies for allegedly conning at least 62 investors in Chicago's Orthodox Jewish community out of more than $10 million, including $1 million from an 86-year-old Holocaust survivor.

Decision attached | Read full article »

# CYBERSECURITY

# Alsup Slams Feds' 'Stunts' In Trial Of Alleged Russian Hacker

U.S. District Judge William Alsup criticized a prosecutor Tuesday for presenting "obviously prejudicial" jailhouse phone records instead of "real evidence" against a Russian national on trial in California for allegedly hacking into LinkedIn and Dropbox, saying, "You may end up losing this case because of stunts like that."

Read full article »

# EBay Cyberstalking Case Expands As Feds Charge Ex-Cop

Federal prosecutors in Boston said Tuesday they have charged a seventh former eBay employee, a retired cop who worked security for the company, in connection with an alleged cyberstalking campaign against a Massachusetts couple who ran an e-commerce industry blog.

1 document attached | Read full article »

Paul Weiss
Perlman Bajandas
Pierce Bainbridge
Pryor Cashman
Scott H. Palmer PC
Seyfarth Shaw
Spertus Landes
Summit Law Group
Thornton Law Firm LLP
Tripp Scott
Venable LLP
Walden Macht
Weissberg and Associates Ltd
Willkie Farr
Winston &amp; Strawn

# COMPANIES

Abbott
American Bar Association
BARBRI
BNP Paribas SA
Braskem SA
Center for Justice
Citigroup Inc.
Democratic National Committee
Deutsche Bank AG
Dropbox Inc.
Facebook Inc.
Federation Internationale de
Football Association
Forever 21
Fox Corp.
Google Inc.
LexisNexis Group
LinkedIn Corp.
Microsoft Corp.
Mylan NV
Odebrecht SA
State Street Corp.
StubHub Inc.
TrueCar Inc.
Twitter Inc.
Virage Capital Management LP
ViroPharma Incorporated
Washington Post Co.
eBay Inc.

# GOVERNMENT AGENCIES

Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Trade Commission

EFTA00026429

EFTA00026430

# Microsoft Sues To Block 'COVID-19 Themed' Phishing Scheme

A Virginia court has unsealed documents related to Microsoft's recent efforts to prevent alleged cybercriminals from stealing its users' personal information through a "COVID-19 themed" phishing campaign, the company said.

2 documents attached | Read full article »

## LEGAL ETHICS

### 5th Circ. Clears Texas Gov. From Ex-Judge's Retaliation Suit

The Fifth Circuit ruled Monday that a group of former Texas prosecutors — including Gov. Greg Abbott — are shielded by prosecutorial immunity from a former state judge's retaliation suit that alleges they investigated, charged and convicted her on bogus bribery charges, but held that one county prosecutor is not protected.

Opinion attached | Read full article »

## TAX

### Solar Schemers Threatened With Jail For Defying Court

Owners of a solar company found to have perpetrated an abusive $50 million tax fraud were threatened with jail time by a Utah federal judge because they've repeatedly flouted contempt-of-court orders, destroyed evidence and deceived the federal government.

Order attached | Read full article »

## COMPETITION

### FTC Fights Shkreli's Bid To Duck Monopolization Case

The Federal Trade Commission and a contingent of states have urged a New York federal court not to toss their suit accusing former pharmaceutical executive Martin Shkreli and a company he founded of monopolizing the market for a lifesaving drug used to treat parasitic infections.

3 documents attached | Read full article »

## SPORTS &amp; BETTING

### Ex-Fox Execs Want Separate Trial In FIFA Bribery Case

A pair of former Fox Sports executives accused of bribing South American soccer officials have urged a New York federal judge to try them separately from other defendants in the sprawling FIFA corruption case, arguing that prosecutors had hastily and incorrectly "lumped them in" with a host of unrelated defendants.

Motion attached | Read full article »

## EXPERT ANALYSIS

### Are Your Slack Communications Primed For E-Discovery?

With the increasing use of channel-based platforms such as Slack, Messenger and Teams in the work-from-home era, companies should assume they may be compelled to produce channel-based data in litigation and take proactive steps to protect sensitive information, say Jessica Brown and Collin James Vierra at Gibson Dunn.

Read full article »

## LEGAL INDUSTRY

### Chief Justice Hospitalized In June, Supreme Court Confirms

## Financial Crimes Enforcement Network

## Internal Revenue Service

## National Economic Council

## New York Attorney General's Office

## New York Police Department

## New York State Unified Court System

## Small Business Administration

## Texas Health and Human Services Commission

## U.S. Attorney's Office

## U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit

## U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit

## U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development

## U.S. Department of Justice

## U.S. Department of the Treasury

## U.S. District Court for the Central District of California

## U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland

## U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts

## U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota

## U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York

## U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia

## U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California

## U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois

## U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York

## U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

## U.S. Sentencing Commission

## U.S. Supreme Court

## United States District Court for the District of Utah

## World Health Organization

Chief Justice John Roberts was hospitalized last month after injuring himself in a fall, the U.S. Supreme Court said in a statement Tuesday, confirming a report in the Washington Post.

Read full article »

# Black Leaders Call Out Diversity 'Excuses' Law Firms Make

Despite decades of efforts to create a more equal and inclusive legal profession, more change is urgently needed, a panel of top Black attorneys said on Tuesday, pointing to several "excuses" law firms tend to make when failing to hire and promote Black lawyers.

Read full article »

# Midyear Report: The Biggest Legal Ethics Moments So Far

With the COVID-19 pandemic dominating the headlines and just about everything else this year, there has still been plenty happening in the world of legal ethics, from the culmination of an unusual probe into a lawyer fee award to a major court setback for New York's new prosecutor watchdog group.

Read full article »

# Oyez! High Court's 1st Female Marshal, Reporter Are Retiring

U.S. Supreme Court Marshal Pamela Talkin and Reporter of Decisions Christine Luchok Fallon, the first women to serve in those roles, are retiring this year after nearly 50 years of combined service at the court.

Read full article »

# Hughes Hubbard Lays Off Associates Amid Pandemic

Despite claiming a small business loan as part of the federal government's COVID-19 relief efforts, New York law firm Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP confirmed Tuesday that it had laid off an undisclosed number of associates and staff to weather the pandemic.

Read full article »

# Coronavirus Regulations: A State-By-State Week In Review

The uptick in the spread of COVID-19 reenergized an emphasis on face coverings this past week, leading to a public awareness campaign in California and a new law in Texas. And in Pennsylvania, Gov. Tom Wolf shared World Health Organization research in an effort to get commonwealth citizens to cover up.

Read full article »

# Seyfarth Opens Seattle Office With Labor, Real Estate Focus

Seyfarth Shaw LLP on Tuesday announced the launch of a new Seattle office with a focus on real estate and labor law, with the firm saying it decided to move ahead with the planned expansion into the Pacific Northwest despite the COVID-19 pandemic.

Read full article »

# Firm Must Produce Email Allegedly Used To Blackmail Judge

A Florida judge ordered Tripp Scott PA on Tuesday to produce an email sent to one of its former attorneys allegedly containing nude photographs of a Palm Beach County judge that the judge says were later used by a prominent Fort Lauderdale attorney to blackmail her.

Read full article »

# Ex-National Economic Council Deputy Joins Mayer Brown

Former White House economic adviser Andrew Olmem has returned to Mayer Brown LLP, joining the firm's public policy, regulatory and political law practice after taking part in the development and coordination of U.S. economic policies in various sectors.

Read full article »

EFTA00026431

JOBS
Search full listings or advertise your job opening

NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM
SEEKS PARTNERS
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

White Plains boutique seeks associate litigator (3-7 yrs)
KLR Davis
White Plains, New York

MID TO SENIOR LEVEL PARTNER TRACK CORPORATE ASSOCIATE
www.dunnington.com
New York, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort, you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011

EFTA00026432