From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Cc: _______________________________

Subject: RE: JE Release

Date: Sun, 07 Jul 2019 20:14:26 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: 2019-07-04._JE._press_release._draft.docx

Do you have a more recent version than the attached (sent on Wednesday)? We were going to expand the FBI thank-you sentence to be the following:

Mr. Berman praised the outstanding investigative work of the FBI, and thanked the New York City Police Department and Customs and Border Patrol for their assistance in the investigation.

But defer to you if you have a different preference, and let me know whether you want me to incorporate or if you guys have the pen at this point. Thank you!

From: _______________________________

Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 13:57

To: _______________________________

Cc: _______________________________

Subject: Re: JE Release

Nypd is a task force partner on the fbi crimes against children squad, so we have the release set up as a co-announce with them, with a slot for an [REDACTED] quote, which we've asked for from dcpi. That being the case, we should acknowledge them with the same language we use for the fbi.

Chief Public Information Officer

U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY

(office)

(cell)

On Jul 7, 2019, at 12:37 PM, [REDACTED] wrote:

I might put the thank you after the FBI but before he introduces our people in the remarks. Otherwise fine with me.

[REDACTED], if you haven't already, we should loop in [REDACTED] on the press conference issue. If NYPD plans to stand up I feel like he is going to want to know that and know who is going to be there.

EFTA00026626

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 7, 2019, at 12:32 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

[redacted] just asked me if we should thank NYPD and CBP for their assistance, and I think why not, right? The more the merrier in terms of giving credit? He asked me to circulate a sentence for both of them, for adding to his remarks and the press release, but wanted to circulate here first and then I can send to the brass subject to this crew's input.

Not that this is rocket science, but does this work, in the remarks after ". . . for their dedication and professionalism in seeing this investigation through.":

I also want to thank the New York City Police Department and Customs and Border Patrol for their assistance in the investigation.

And in the press release: "Mr. Berman praised the outstanding investigative work of the FBI, and thanked the New York City Police Department and Customs and Border Patrol for their assistance in the investigation."

Thoughts?

---Original Message---

From: [redacted]
Sent: Sunday, July 07, 2019 12:24
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]

Subject: Re: JE Release

Have we heard anything yet from nypd?

Sent from my iPhone

&gt; On Jul 7, 2019, at 12:19 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Apologies if this has been asked/answered: do we need to thank the NYPD in the release and remarks? And did CBP play any role? Just wanted to make sure we're not forgetting anyone, thanks.
&gt;
&gt; Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00026627