From:
To:
Subject: FW: Hard drive copy
Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2020 14:24:23 +0000
Attachments: Volume001.dat

Here is our latest correspondence – thank you so much!

From:
Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:09 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Hard drive copy

Hi

Attached is the data that needs to be added to the Maxwell hard drive copy, and then sent to . Please let me know if there are any issues adding this to the drive.

Thanks so much, again – we really appreciate it!

From:
Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 10:28 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Hard drive copy

I apologize, I did not – I was under the impression that the vendor would be sending you a physical copy. By the time the vendor emailed us the files, I’d already given the original drive to  to start copying to a new drive.

if I send you that data, would you be able to add that to the copy as well?

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 10:23 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Hard drive copy

I did you put the data that we got from the vendor on the hard drive. As it is needed for upload to Relativity.

Thank you.

EFTA00026806

From:
Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 10:16 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Hard drive copy

Hi

Thanks so much for all of your help yesterday! Whenever this Maxwell drive is copied, would you please send the copy to
so that he can upload it to the USvEpstein database on Relativity? I can pick up the original once it has finished
copying and I'm back in the office.

Thanks again, - and I hope you have a wonderful weekend!

From:
Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 12:31 PM
To:
Subject: Hard drive copy

Hi

I hope you're well! We received another hard drive that is to be loaded onto Relativity. Would you please make a copy of
this drive (I'll bring it down momentarily) so we can send it to Chris to upload onto the USvEpstein database on relativity?
The password for the drive is: ScanningMaxwell!99

asks that the drive NOT be sent out to him until we get the overlay files we need from the vendor. Once the drive is
done copying, I can pick it up and keep it at my desk until the overlay files arrive from the vendor.

Thanks so much, I'll be in the office today until around 3PM, and I'll be working remotely until Tuesday morning. I'll
be back in my office Tuesday.

Paralegal Specialist
U.S. Attorney's Office | SDNY
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

EFTA00026807