EFTA00025060

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Cc: " ( )" &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] information
Date: Tue, 26 Oct 2021 14:22:56 +0000

Will do, thank you.

On Oct 26, 2021, at 10:15 AM,  &lt; wrote:

Hi ,

I think for now please just pass along any request that comes in to me. I've let BOP know about this, and can pass along any request to our contacts there.

Thanks,

From:  &lt;
Sent: Monday, October 25, 2021 9:14 PM
To:  &lt; &gt;
Cc:  ( )&lt;  &gt;
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] information

Thanks,  I'll figure out where it should go and let you know.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 25, 2021, at 8:36 PM,  &lt; wrote:

FYI- we discussed this over the summer but I guess he never submitted the request. I know you're no longer on the case but let me know who I should forward this to in the event I receive a copy of his request. Copying  for his awareness.

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
Date: October 25, 2021 at 8:33:40 PM EDT
To:  &lt;
Cc:  &gt;, "  ( )" &lt;  &gt;
Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] information

Hi Mr.  &lt;

As I discussed with Ms. [redacted] over the summer, you would need to submit a FOIA request to the BOP and note that you are specifically requesting what they released to the NYT. You can send me copy of that request once it has been submitted to the BOP and as a courtesy I will ensure that the correct recipient in the Civil Division of our Office has received it. We do not handle FOIA requests in our division.

Best,

[redacted]

On Oct 25, 2021, at 12:40 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Hi,

Hope this finds you well.

I would like to get a copy of ALL of the records that were released to the New York Times on their FOI request regarding my brother’s case (Jeffrey Epstein).

Please advise the quickest way to accomplish this.

Thanks,

[redacted]

[redacted]

Scanned by McAfee and confirmed virus-free.

EFTA00025061