Intake (Rev. 5-23-17)

UNCLASSIFIED

OFFICIAL RECORD
OFFICIAL RECORDS OF THE UNITED STATES
DRAFT NORTH CAROLINA
1945-1989
1989-2000
2000-2001
2001-2002
2002-2003
2003-2004

# FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION

Intake

Date: 08/03/2020

Case ID #: 50D-NY-3027571
(U) EPSTEIN, JEFFREY; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING

Drafted By:

Date/Time Received: 08/03/2020 06:01 PM EDT

## Details:

On 08/03/2020, at 5:11 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, [redacted], date of birth [redacted], email address [redacted], address [redacted], Los Lunas, NM 87031, cellular telephone number [redacted], Internet Protocol (IP) address [redacted], which resolves at Albuquerque, NM 87114, submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tips.fbi.gov to report a follow-up tip regarding being a victim of Jeffrey Epstein.

NOTE: [redacted] is real name and AKA name is [redacted].

Date Submitted: 08/03/2020 05:11:11 PM ET
Transaction Number: 6914ABD0-1FE1-4719-9BFC-D0006B42A613

Threat To Life: False

Submitted Text:
I previously provided a tip about 3 weeks ago, maybe 4 weeks ago, under an alias I have for myself, [redacted]. All the other details of the previous tip match all the information given in today's tip, except I am giving my real name. A detective from NYPD FBI sex trafficking task force called me a couple of weeks ago from a 212 area code number. I talked to him for about 20 or 30 minutes about my being sex trafficked by my uncle and Jeffrey Epstein in 1984 while I was 13 and pregnant. I told him some other important information about other high profile individuals involved in my sex trafficking and the murder and disposal of my newborn daughter because I gave birth to her while in the middle of this sex trafficking ordeal. I cannot remember the detective's name nor do I have a number

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00025010

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/03/2020

where I can contact him. I would like to have his name and contact information, and I would also like to know if there will be any further follow up?

Violation: Other

Violation Questions

What was the exact crime that occurred?: child sex trafficking and infanticide

When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): May-Sep 1984

Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): Mostly from a yacht in Lake Michigan originating from Mona Lake, MI

Complainant Information

First Name: [redacted]

Middle Name:

Last Name: [redacted]

Age:

DOB: [redacted]

Additional Info:

Type: Cell

Phone: [redacted]

Extension: 0

Account: [redacted]

Type: Residential

Address: [redacted]

City: Los Lunas

State: New Mexico

Zip: 87031

Country: United States

Subject Information

First Name: Jeffrey

Middle Name:

Last Name: Epstein

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00025011

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/03/2020

Age: dec

DOB:

Additional Info: I am just wanting to reconnect with the original detective that called me and I offered information about this.

How is Contact Known: He was orchestrating a deal, along with my uncle where different men, and a few women and girls, would come to a variety of boats and yachts and pay money to force me to do with them when I was 13 and pregnant.

Type: Other

Address:

City:

Zip:

Witness Information

First Name: Donald

Middle Name:

Last Name: Trump

Age: 70

DOB:

Additional Info: Again, just trying to find out the NYPD detective on the FBI sex trafficking task force that called me a couple of weeks ago and spoke to me about some of these issues.

How is Contact Known: He participated regularly in paying money to force me to with him and he was present when my uncle murdered my newborn child and disposed of the body in Lake Michigan.

Type: Business

Address:

City: Washington DC

State: District of Columbia

Zip: 20500

Country: United States

Remote IP:

Remote Host: api.fbi.gov

Http Referrer: https://tips.fbi.gov/reported

User Browser: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_5)

UNCLASSIFIED

EFTA00025012

UNCLASSIFIED

Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/03/2020

AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/13.1.1 Safari/605.1.15

Latitude: [ ]
Longitude: - [ ]
Country: US
Region: New Mexico
City: Albuquerque
Postal Code: 87114
Timezone: -06:00

◆◆

UNCLASSIFIED
4
EFTA00025013