U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons

March 5, 2020

Contact: Office of Public Affairs
202-514-6551

# Bureau of Prisons Statement on MCC New York

On Thursday February 27th, the Bureau of Prisons received critical information that a firearm may have been introduced into the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) New York, New York. Bureau of Prisons (BOP) immediately placed the facility on modified operations status in order to protect the public, staff, and inmates until a comprehensive search could be completed.

Over the past week, as a result of the security procedures and protocols put in place, the BOP investigative teams recovered numerous contraband items to include cell phones, narcotics and home-made weapons. All of these items pose a significant threat to the safety and security of the facility as well as the public.

On Thursday March 5th, BOP staff located a loaded firearm in one of the housing units. The facility will continue to remain on modified operations status to finalize searches in all areas of the facility.

The BOP provided an update to the Office of Inspector General and Federal Bureau of Investigation. The BOP is committed to the safety of staff, inmates and the public while continuing to ensure that those responsible for misconduct and criminal activity are held accountable. Requests for submissions do not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. Should an RFP be issued in the future, it will be posted publicly.

Additional information about the Federal Bureau of Prisons can be found at www.bop.gov.

EFTA00025544