From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Fwd: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Date: Wed, 23 Oct 2019 13:10:20 +0000

FYI

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Date: October 23, 2019 at 09:06:18 EDT

To: Gloria Allred &lt; " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: Re: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Gloria,

We just needed a little time to rearrange schedules, as we had planned to do noon to 1:00 based on your request. However we will plan to come to your office as soon as the meeting this morning is concluded, including any individual questions that occur immediately after the general presentation, which occurred but was relatively limited following the corresponding meeting in Florida last week. My hope is that we'll be able to get to your office by 11:30, and we can email to let you know that we're on our way if that's helpful. Alternatively, if you and [redacted] would prefer to meet at the FBI, that should be fine, you just may have to wait for a few minutes following the meeting. We can discuss either way this morning in person, but the upshot is that we'll meet with you as soon as possible after the meeting.

thanks,

On Oct 23, 2019, at 08:57, Gloria Allred &lt; " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

I will not have a means to communicate with you after 9:30 this morning, because I will be at the F.B.I. Victim Services meeting and they will take my phone. Would you please respond to my message below prior to that time in order that I may know the plan for meeting with [redacted] and me today?

Gloria Allred

Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg

EFTA00024299

6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500
Los Angeles, CA 90048
www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
<image005.jpg>
<image006.png>

From: Gloria Allred
Sent: Tuesday, October 22, 2019 8:26 PM
To: [redacted] &lt;[redacted]&gt;:
Cc: [redacted] &lt;[redacted]&gt;:
Subject: RE: Urgent. I have a new alleged victim of E I have a new client who was a victim of Epstein. She is willing to fly to New York for the victim meeting on Oct. 23. May I call you at 5:45 P.M. to discuss?

Is there a place at the FBI for you to interview [redacted] at the end of the meeting with Victim Services? I am on a tight schedule tomorrow. Please advise if you want to interview her there at 11:A.M or 11:30 at the end of their meeting or do wish to use my office at 305 Broadway? I need to leave the interview with her by 12:30. I must take the 2P.M. train to D.C.

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
6300 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1500
Los Angeles, CA 90048
www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
<image007.jpg>
<image008.png>

EFTA00024300</image008.png></image007.jpg></image008.png>