From:
To:
Bcc:
Subject: Re: Epstein -- travel approval form
Date: Tue, 04 Feb 2020 19:11:44 +0000

Got it. I'm so sorry - tied up with Geoff.

Sent from my iPhone

On Feb 4, 2020, at 2:10 PM, wrote:

I'm going to make some calls so if I don't pick up when you call, that's why, but I'm here and will get off the phone and come down whenever you're available.

thanks,

From:
Sent: Tuesday, February 04, 2020 13:02
To:
Subject: Re: Epstein -- travel approval form

No problem, I'm around whenever you're back.

On Feb 4, 2020, at 12:44, wrote:

I may run late. Don't come till I call!

Sent from my iPhone

On Feb 3, 2020, at 5:45 PM, wrote:

That works, thanks – just let me know if your schedule changes, otherwise I'll come by at 1:00 tomorrow. Thanks again and looking forward to it.

From:
Sent: Monday, February 03, 2020 16:07
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein -- travel approval form

Right now 1 p.m. looks open.

EFTA00026971

From:
Sent: Monday, February 3, 2020 1:33 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein -- travel approval form

No problem at all, and I'm very flexible tomorrow afternoon – whatever time is good for you I can make work, so just let me know and I'll put it in the calendar.

From:
Sent: Monday, February 03, 2020 13:31
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein -- travel approval form

So sorry for the delay. Maybe tomorrow? I have time in the afternoon.

From:
Sent: Friday, January 31, 2020 1:09 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Epstein -- travel approval form

Totally understand, and next week would be fine – let me know if it's helpful to set a time, and otherwise I'll touch base midweek if we haven't connected by then.

And thanks very much re: the memo.

From:
Sent: Friday, January 31, 2020 12:53
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: Epstein -- travel approval form

Already signed and sent upstairs ... I will do my best to ensure signature immediately.

Re: this afternoon: it may be best to kick it to next week. If some time develops before 3, I'll let you know, but right now it is iffy.

From:
Sent: Friday, January 31, 2020 12:21 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Epstein -- travel approval form

We dropped off the Sweden travel memo for you – we were unexpectedly significantly delayed in getting OIA approval, but it finally came this morning, so with apologies for the short turnaround, hoping to get Office and final DOJ approval this afternoon. Thank you!

And separately, if you still wanted to meet up today, I'll be around until about 3:00, but I'm also flexible next week if that's easier.

thanks again,

EFTA00026972

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00026973