From: White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
To: <redacted>
Subject: 2nd Circ. Rejects Immediate Stay In Trump Tax Subpoena Suit
Date: Mon, 24 Aug 2020 07:54:45 +0000

Law360 White Collar
WHITE COLLAR

Monday, August 24, 2020
Follow Law360

## TOP NEWS

### 2nd Circ. Rejects Immediate Stay In Trump Tax Subpoena Suit

The Second Circuit said Friday that it will consider President Donald Trump's request to pause a decision allowing a Manhattan grand jury to subpoena his tax records pending an appeal, but the court denied his request for an immediate stay.

4 documents attached | Read full article »

### Loughlin Gets 2 Mos., Husband 5 Mos. In 'Varsity Blues' Case

Actress Lori Loughlin and her fashion-designer husband Mossimo Giannulli were sentenced Friday to two months and five months in prison, respectively, for their roles in the "Varsity Blues" college admissions scandal after admitting to paying bribes to get their two daughters into the University of Southern California as fake rowing recruits.

Read full article »

### Feds Want Accused Chinese Spy Held As 'Extreme Flight Risk'

U.S. attorneys in Hawaii endeavored to convince a federal judge to deny bail to an ex-CIA agent accused of spying for China in a filing released Thursday, citing a "war chest of damning evidence" and calling him "an extreme flight risk."

Memorandum attached | Read full article »

### Feds Say Maxwell Can't Use Criminal Discovery In Civil Suits

Federal prosecutors urged a New York federal judge on Friday to deny a request by Ghislaine Maxwell to let her file certain criminal discovery materials under seal in unspecified civil suits against her, arguing that Maxwell is attempting to "blur the lines between the criminal discovery process and civil litigation."

Letter attached | Read full article »

### LA Blast That Injured Firefighters Sparks Criminal Charges

An explosion at a commercial property in downtown Los Angeles that injured a dozen firefighters earlier this year has sparked criminal charges against the building's owners and managers, the city attorney's office announced Friday.

4 documents attached | Read full article »

## COMPLIANCE

### Feds Stress Risk Focus For 'Politically Exposed' Bank Clients

Law360 Rising Stars

### LAW FIRMS

Adam Leitman
Akin Gump
Arnold &amp; Porter
Baker Botts
Beach Cowdrey
Becker &amp; Poliakoff
Bernstein Liebhard
Bervar &amp; Jones
Blank Rome
Cadwalader Wickersham
Calfee Halter
Carella Byrne
Clark Hill
Cohen &amp; Gresser
Consovoy McCarthy
Cozen O'Connor
Donnelly Conroy
Ericksen Arbuthnot
Fenwick &amp; West
Fish &amp; Richardson
Flachsbart &amp; Greenspoon
Foley &amp; Lardner
Fox Rothschild

EFTA00025258</redacted></news@law360.com>

The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network and federal banking regulators said Friday that banks should make sure their "politically exposed" clients receive customer due diligence that matches their risk levels but don't need to subject these clients to special extra scrutiny.

*Statement attached | Read full article »*

## SECURITIES

### Traders Sue Scotiabank After $127M Spoofing Deal With DOJ

A pair of commodities traders sued Scotiabank on Friday after the Toronto-based bank admitted in a $127 million settlement with the U.S. government to an eight-year scheme to manipulate the market for precious metals futures contracts.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

### Fiat Chrysler Aims To Dump Investor Suit Over UAW Bribes

Fiat Chrysler on Friday urged a New York federal court to ditch a stock-drop suit accusing the automaker of concealing a scheme to bribe officials at the United Automobile Workers, insisting that none of its executives was aware of the bribery scheme and its financial disclosures therefore weren't misleading or inaccurate.

*Motion attached | Read full article »*

### SEC Says There's 'No Dispute' Biotech Brass Broke Law

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday sought partial judgments against the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of biotechnology company Osiris Therapeutics Inc., telling a Maryland federal judge that there was no good faith argument to be made that the men didn't violate federal securities law by scheming to cook the company's books.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

### SEC Sues Ex-Brokers For Role In $22M Belize Airport Ponzi

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission targeted two former brokers in New York federal court on Friday for the unregistered sale of securities to about half of the investor victims in a $22 million Ponzi scheme fronted by a purported airport project in Belize.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

### CFTC Seeks $572M From Vanished Crypto Fraud Suspect

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission is seeking a default judgment against apparent U.K. resident Benjamin Reynolds that would put him on the hook for $572 million after the agency alleged he stole 22,858 bitcoins in a Ponzi scheme-like fraud and failed to appear in the case.

*2 documents attached | Read full article »*

### Investor Claims Ohio Utility Played Role In $60M Bribery Plot

American Electric Power Co. Inc. is facing a proposed class action from an investor who says the utility's stock lost value after an Ohio newspaper ran an investigative report implicating AEP in a more than $60 million corruption plot.

*Complaint attached | Read full article »*

## LEGAL ETHICS

### Dallas Atty Hit With 6-Month Suspension For Misconduct

A three-judge panel of the Northern District of Texas has suspended a Dallas criminal defense attorney from practicing before the court for six months, finding she violated a judge's order to stop communicating with an ex-client and lied to prosecutors.

Franklin Soto LLP
Fried Frank
Gibson Dunn
Glancy Prongay
Haddon Morgan
Hogan Lovells
Jones Day
K&amp;L Gates
King &amp; Spalding
Kirkland &amp; Ellis
Latham &amp; Watkins
Law Offices of Alan S. Futerfas
Levi &amp; Korsinsky
Lewis Brisbois
Lowenstein Sandler
Manatt Phelps
Mark Beck Law
Marshall Gerstein
Miller Canfield
Morgan Lewis
Mukasey Frenchman
Munger Tolles
Nussbaum Law Group PC
Patterson &amp; Sheridan
Paul Hastings
Paul Weiss
Quinn Emanuel
Reed Smith
Ropes &amp; Gray
Rosen Law Firm PA
Scheper Kim
Selendy &amp; Gay
Sheppard Mullin
Sidley Austin
Squire Patton Boggs
Stoel Rives
Sullivan &amp; Cromwell
Swanson Martin
Vogl Meredith
White &amp; Case
WilmerHale
Wilson Elser

## COMPANIES

Amazon.com Inc.
American Airlines Group Inc.
American Bar Association
American Electric Power Co. Inc.
Appaloosa Management LP
Apple Inc.
Association of Corporate Counsel

EFTA00025259

Order attached | Read full article »

HEALTH

## NextHealth Marketer Charged In $60M Kickback Scheme

A pharmacy marketer has been charged in a $60 million health care kickback scheme, accused of helping a pharmacy and laboratory services company recruit physicians, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.

Read full article »

## III. Doctors With Same Name Agree To End Trademark Fight

An Illinois federal judge on Friday permanently dismissed a case between a doctor and another physician of the same name, the latter of whom was accused of capitalizing off their similar names to run an opioid "pill mill" and tarnish the plaintiff's professional standing.

1 document attached | Read full article »

## Fla. Telemedicine Schemers Cost Humana Millions, Suit Says

Humana Insurance Co. sued a Florida telemedicine company on Thursday for allegedly preying upon Humana members through a telemedicine scheme that billed the insurer for millions of dollars' worth of unnecessary prescription creams.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

IMMIGRATION

## Feds Arrest Va. Man Over Alleged $21M H-1B Scam

A Virginia information technology business owner was arrested Thursday on charges of orchestrating a $21 million immigration fraud scheme that saw him using his companies to fraudulently obtain H-1B visas for foreign tech workers.

Read full article »

CONSUMER PROTECTION

## Pa. AG Hits Amazon Seller With Sanitizer Price-Gouging Suit

Pennsylvania's attorney general is seeking $1 million in penalties against a Philadelphia-based company accused of illegally jacking up the price of hand sanitizer it sold on Amazon.com as the coronavirus pandemic took hold in March.

Complaint attached | Read full article »

EXPERT ANALYSIS

Opinion

## Pandemic Is No Excuse To Limit Defendants' Trial Rights

Chicago federal prosecutors' recent argument that the pandemic compels two ex-Deutsche Bank traders to choose between their right to a speedy trial and the right to confront witnesses in person is not only inconsistent with current law but fundamentally unfair, say John Richter and Christina Kung at King &amp; Spalding.

Read full article »

## Why Remote Depositions Are Likely Here To Stay

As attorneys and their clients realize it is possible to conduct video depositions just as smoothly as in-person sessions while eliminating travel, catering and other costs, they will likely demand that remote procedures remain in place even after the pandemic is contained, says Darren Goldman at Becker &amp; Poliakoff.

Center for Justice
Cisco Systems Inc.
Dealogic LLC
Deutsche Bank AG
Eli Lilly &amp; Co.
FCA US LLC
Federalist Society
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority Inc.
FirstEnergy Corp.
Fred Alger &amp; Co. Inc.
Google Inc.
Humana Inc.
Janus Henderson Group PLC
Liberty Mutual Insurance Group
Mazars LLP
Michelin Group
Microsoft Corp.
National Futures Association
Osiris Therapeutics Inc.
Skype Technologies SA
Spotify Technology SA
The Bank of Nova Scotia
The Boeing Co.
The Clorox Co.
The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law
Trump Organization Inc.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce
United Auto Workers
University of Southern California
YouTube Inc.

GOVERNMENT AGENCIES
Central Intelligence Agency
Commodity Futures Trading Commission
Congressional Research Service
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
European Union
Executive Office of the President
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Federal Judicial Center
Federal Reserve System
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
Florida Supreme Court
Library of Congress

EFTA00025260

Read full article »

LEGAL INDUSTRY

# Legend In Law: Liberty Mutual Insurance's James Kelleher

Kelleher, chief legal officer for one of the largest U.S. insurers, has been named a Burton Awards Legend in Law, a distinction reserved for the top general counsel in the nation.

Read full article »

# BigLaw And The Ballot: The Pro Bono Fight For Mail-In Voting

With the U.S. presidential election looming and the coronavirus pandemic still raging, pro bono attorneys at BigLaw firms are increasingly jumping into court battles over mail-in voting that are moving at unprecedented speed.

Read full article »

# 33-Year-Old Trump Judicial Pick Attacked Over Experience

Liberal advocates are lambasting President Donald Trump's youthful pick for a Florida federal judgeship, questioning the trial experience of a Jones Day associate who graduated law school in 2012 and would be the youngest federal judge in over 30 years.

Read full article »

# Stoel Rives Walks Back COVID-19 Cuts But Will Remain Wary

Stoel Rives LLP has announced that it will partly roll back the salary reductions it implemented in the spring due to the COVID-19 pandemic, although the firm said that it will continue to "operate cautiously."

Read full article »

# Lowenstein Securities Chair Forms New Firm With Colleagues

Lawrence Rolnick, the chair of Lowenstein Sandler LLP's securities litigation practice, is taking nine of his colleagues with him to start a new firm catering to the investment management industry, he told Law360 on Friday.

Read full article »

# Calif. Atty Says Lewis Brisbois Cheated Him Of $1M Fee Award

A California attorney has filed a fraud suit against Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard &amp; Smith LLP, one of its partners and several other firms and attorneys who allegedly cheated him out of over $1 million in attorney fees from a settlement in a personal injury lawsuit.

Read full article »

# GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week

The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission came closer to a proposed rule that modifies its presuit conciliation process for settling bias claims against employers, and a new survey found that staff changes have affected a majority of in-house attorneys' workload. These are some of the stories in corporate legal news you may have missed in the past week.

Read full article »

# In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360

For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, stories and expert analyses that generated the most buzz on Law360 last week.

Read full article »

# Podcast

# Law360's Pro Say: The Artistry Of The Courtroom Sketch

The courtroom sketch artist has one of the legal world's most fascinating professions and, so long as television access to court proceedings remains limited, maybe one of the most important.

Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court
National Credit Union Administration
National Labor Relations Board
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
Ohio House of Representatives
U.S. Attorney's Office
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Justice
U.S. District Court for the District of Hawaii
U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
U.S. Postal Service
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
U.S. Supreme Court
United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio

EFTA00025261

EFT A00025262

Read full article »

JOBS
Search full listings or advertise your job opening

Criminal Defense and White-Collar
Associate
Varghese &amp; Associates, P.C.
New York, New York

Associate Director of IP or Patent Counsel
- Chemical
Seattle Genetics
Bothell, Washington

NYC ELITE FULL SERVICE SMALL FIRM
SEEKS PARTNERS
Schoen Legal Search
New York, New York

Not sure if your firm subscribes? Ask your librarian.

We hope you found this message to be useful.
However, if you'd rather not receive future emails of this sort,
you may unsubscribe here.

Please DO NOT reply to this email. For customer support inquiries, please call +1-646-783-7100 or visit our Contact Us page.

Privacy Policy
Law360 | Portfolio Media, Inc, 111 West 19th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10011