EFTA00024926

From: "_______________________ (USANYS)" &lt;_______________________&gt;
To: "_______________________)" &lt;_______________________&gt;
Cc: "_______________________ (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;_______________________&gt;

Subject: RE: Shared Access
Date: Tue, 04 May 2021 14:16:55 +0000
Attachments: __________ Transcription.doc

Good morning __________ and __________.

I have finished up with the __________ transcription and have attached it here. I referred to one of the interviewers as UM1 because his full name was never mentioned, but am happy to go back and change that if you know his full name. Let me know if there's anything you'd like me to edit or change!

Thanks!

From: __________ (USANYS)
Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 1:25 PM
To: __________ &lt;_______________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Shared Access

Great, thank you so much! I'm helping __________ out with a few things for Maxwell and have been preoccupied with that. I believe I can get this transcript to you by the end of next week, but if you need it sooner let me know and I can figure some things out/see if another intern is available to help.

Thanks!

From: __________ &lt;_______________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 12:26 PM
To: __________ (USANYS) &lt;_______________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Shared Access

Hi __________.

Thanks for reaching out! Happy to be flexible on this. What timing is realistic on your end, given other commitments? Thanks.

From: __________ (USANYS) &lt;_______________________&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 11:35 AM
To: __________ &lt;_______________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Shared Access

Hi __________.

I hope all is well! My progress on this transcription has been a little delayed due to some time-sensitive projects that have come up. I'm chipping away at it, but I was wondering if you could give me an idea of when you'd like this transcript by. I just want to make sure I'm not delaying you in any way!

Thanks so much,

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, April 19, 2021 9:41 AM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (CONTRACTOR) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Shared Access

Thanks for checking – that timing sounds good, thanks.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, April 19, 2021 9:40 AM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (CONTRACTOR) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Shared Access

Good morning,

Thank you for getting me access! I'm happy to be helping out. I currently have a few things on my plate so I was wondering if it would be okay if I started this transcription either at the end of this week or the beginning of next week? Just wanted to make sure in case this was super time-sensitive. Let me know!

Thanks so much!!

From: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Thursday, April 15, 2021 6:00 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: RE: Shared Access

Thanks so much for helping out with this, [REDACTED]! I'll email now to get you shared access.

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Sent: Monday, April 12, 2021 4:09 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt;REDACTED&gt;
Subject: Shared Access

Hi [REDACTED],

is going to help out with transcribing the [REDACTED] recording. When you have a chance would you please ask IT to give her access to the shared. Thanks!

Paralegal Specialist
United States Attorney's Office | SDNY
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007
Office: [REDACTED]
Cell: [REDACTED]

EFTA00024927