EFTA00023771

From: " _________________________________________________________________________"
To: ______________________________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: BRITISH TV REQUEST Important
Date: Mon, 08 Jun 2020 19:45:37 +0000

yes

From: ______________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, June 8, 2020 3:43 PM
To: ______________________________________________________________________________
Cc: ______________________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: BRITISH TV REQUEST Important

Did the tweet go out?

On Jun 8, 2020, at 3:36 PM, ______________________________________________________________________________ wrote:
Will do.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jun 8, 2020, at 3:35 PM, ______________________________________________________________________________ wrote:
Please decline for me.

Begin forwarded message:

From: kathryn milofsky <kmilofsky@aol.com>
Date: June 8, 2020 at 3:32:35 PM EDT
To: " ______________________________________________________________________________ , " ______________________________________________________________________________
Subject: BRITISH TV REQUEST Important
Reply-To: kathryn milofsky <kmilofsky@aol.com>

Dear Mr ______________________________________________________________________________

I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News based in NY. We are the largest commercial channel in the UK similar in style stature to NBC.

We would be honored to do an interview with you today via Skype for about 10 minutes about your request to interview Prince Andrew re the investigation into Jeffrey Epstein. The recent MLA request.

The interview would air on our flagship News at Ten Broadcast which is watched by millions.</kmilofsky@aol.com></kmilofsky@aol.com>

ITV News is made by ITN, which has a global reputation as a provider of independent, objective broadcast news. We are known for delivering powerful, authoritative coverage which is free from any political ownership.

ITV News has the biggest reach of any commercial news provider in the UK and broadcasts to 8 million viewers each day. We are the main commercial competition to the BBC. Our recent interview with Meghan Markle had 44million views and millions watched the interview on tv.

We are proud to be the network that best reaches the non-metropolitan elite in the UK. Online, the ITV News Facebook and Twitter pages are now at 1.8m followers each and growing, with Facebook views pulling in an average of 55m average per month, with 5m monthly video views on Twitter. The ITV News website has an average of 30m page views each month.

I so hope you can do an interview with us.

Kind Regards

Kathryn Milofsky
Producer ITV News
646 240 5544
kmilofsky@aol.com

EFTA00023772