From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt;
Cc: " )" &lt;&gt;

Subject: FW: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance
Date: Fri, 21 Aug 2020 17:25:07 +0000
Attachments: Ltr._to_Judge_Karas_-_re_Continued_Inhumane_Prison.pdf

- Can we please jump on a call this afternoon to discuss? As you can see, we have only until Monday to respond.

Co-Chief, Narcotics Unit
O:
C:

From: &lt;&gt;
Sent: Friday, August 21, 2020 1:22 PM
To: Bruce Barket &lt;&gt;
Cc: Aida Leisenring &lt;&gt;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
&gt;&gt;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
&gt;&gt;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
&gt;&gt;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;

Subject: Re: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

All,

Attached please find a memo endorsement from Judge Karas.

-Chambers of Judge Karas

From: Bruce Barket &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 6:24 PM
To: &lt;&gt;
Subject: FW: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

Good afternoon,

I sent this to but wanted to forward here as well. Can you confirm that the judge will see it?

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination,

EFTA00023680

distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

From: Bruce Barket
Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 12:50 PM
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: Aida Leisenring &lt; &gt;; tonyricco &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; Michael Bachrach &lt; &gt;; Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq &lt; &gt;; 'john diaz ( &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;

I hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that I copied the lawyer for the MCC and the prosecution team as well as firewall counsel. Thank you.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00023681