EFTA00025186

From: " " " " &gt;
To: " " " " &gt;"
Cc: " " " " &gt;

Subject: Re: Call this week
Date: Thu, 26 Mar 2020 00:45:59 +0000

Same here, thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

On Mar 25, 2020, at 8:23 PM, " " " " " wrote:

Either totally fine for me

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: Gloria Allred &lt; [redacted]
Date: March 25, 2020 at 20:21:45 EDT
To: " " " " &gt;"
Cc: " " " " &gt;, " " " " &gt;
" " " " &gt;

Subject: RE: Call this week

Yes. What time tomorrow is better for you, 3 P.M. e.s.t. or 4 P.M. e.s.t.?

Gloria Allred
Allred, Maroko &amp; Goldberg
Los Angeles, CA 90048
www.amglaw.com
www.gloriaallred.com
<image001.png>
<image002.png>

Inducted into National Women's Hall of Fame - 2019

From: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, March 25, 2020 1:55 PM
To: Gloria Allred &lt; [redacted] &gt;:
Cc: [redacted] &lt; [redacted] &gt;:
&lt; [redacted] &gt;

Subject: Call this week

Gloria,

Would you have time for a call with the SDNY Epstein team tomorrow or Friday? We would like to provide you with a bit of an update and discuss some of your clients in particular.

Hope you are staying safe and healthy.

Best,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

This message is CONFIDENTIAL and may contain legally privileged information intended only for the addressee. If you are not the addressee you may not use, forward, copy or disclose to anyone any information contained in this message. IF YOU RECEIVED THIS COMMUNICATION IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY ALLRED, MAROKO &amp; GOLDBERG IMMEDIATELY BY TELEPHONING THE SENDER NAMED ABOVE AT . Thank you.

EFTA00025187