From: Alex Conlon <aconlon@kaplanhecker.com>
To: " " " " " "
Subject: FW: FBI Victim Services Division Briefing for Victims of Jeffrey Epstein
Date: Mon, 07 Oct 2019 21:55:52 +0000

Alex Conlon | Kaplan Hecker &amp; Fink LLP

---Original Message---

From: (NY) (FBI) &lt;

Sent: Friday, October 4, 2019 3:11 PM
To: (NY) (FBI) &lt;;; VictimServices <victimservices@fbi.gov>
Subject: RE: FBI Victim Services Division Briefing for Victims of Jeffrey Epstein

Dear Law Firm - I am reaching back out since today is the requested RSVP date. Thank you so much for your assistance in getting the invitation to your clients. We do understand that it was a short turn around, so please continue to reach out to us with all those that would like to attend.

If you are accompanying your client we will also need your RSVP with the following information as the briefing will be held in a federal building.

Information for Security:
Full Name:
Firm Name:
Email Address:
Phone Number:
Social Security Number:
Personal Address
Address 1:
Address 2:
City:
State:
Zip:

Citizenship:
Country of Birth:

Victims Information:
Please provide the name of the victim(s) you are representing:

Please identify the briefing you plan to attend:

Date: October 15, 2019
Time: 10:00 AM
Location: 2030 SW 145th Avenue, Miramar, FL 33027

EFTA00025342</victimservices@fbi.gov></aconlon@kaplanhecker.com>

OR

Date: October 23, 2019
Time: 10:00 AM
Location: 290 Broadway, New York, NY 10007

Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you again for your support.

MS
FBI Victim Specialist
New York Field Office

---Original Message---

From: (NY) (FBI)
Sent: Friday, September 27, 2019 5:24 PM
Subject: FBI Victim Services Division Briefing for Victims of Jeffrey Epstein

Dear Law Firm - if you are receiving this email; you have been identified as representing an identified victim of Jeffrey Epstein. Please be advised that you have received an invitation for that individual from the email address victimservices@fbi.gov. The FBI Victim Services Division is hosting two briefings for victims on October 15th at the Miami Field Office and on October 23rd at the New York Field Office. If you have additional clients that did not receive an invitation please respond back to victimservices@fbi.gov with their individual contact information.

If you have any questions please feel free to contact me directly.

V/R

MS
FBI Victim Specialist
New York Field Office

This email and its attachments may contain information that is confidential and/or protected from disclosure by the attorney-client, work product or other applicable legal privilege. If you are not the intended recipient of the email, please be aware that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of the message from your computer system. Thank you.

EFTA00025343