From: "N. (NY) (FBI)" &lt;&gt;
To: " " " " " &gt;&gt;, &gt;&gt;
Cc: " " " " " &gt;&gt;, " " " " " &gt;&gt;
Subject: GM investigation
Date: Wed, 26 Feb 2020 18:44:19 +0000
Attachments: 20200225_220138.jpg; 20200225_220146.jpg; 20200225_220156.jpg; 20200225_220217.jpg

notes attached. I had to take pictures since I have not been able to scan them. So they're coming in a couple emails. Here's the first 4 pages

On Feb 24, 2020 9:28 AM, " " " " " &gt; wrote:
Hi and

In connection with the Maxwell investigation, I know this is a travel week, but if at all possible, are you able to assist with the following? It would be great to get some of these in motion this week:

1) Are you able to spend some time reviewing the message pads seized from Epstein's residence, to search for any messages left by (or regarding) any of the individuals relating to the GM case? In particular, it would be helpful to know if there are messages relating to: , , .
2) I recognize that we do not have a complete picture of Maxwell's current finances. I don't think it makes sense to request additional financial information, but it would be helpful to have a snapshot of what we already know about her current assets. In addition, it would be helpful to know if there are any significant transfers from Epstein's account to Maxwell since 2005. Along the same line, a check for more recent alerts in FinCEN would be helpful.
3) On the topic of assets, can you tell us what properties Maxwell currently owns?
4) Could you please send us the current tracking document for the hotline? It would be helpful for us to check through the leads regarding Maxwell.
5) I think we emailed about this last month, but can you let us know how you know that she has UK and French citizenship?
6) Could you please send us the notes from the interview?

Thanks in advance, and sorry to pile on, I know everyone is busy.

EFTA00026802

EFTA00026803

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
One Saint Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007