From:

Subject: FW: Requests

Date: Thu, 09 Jul 2020 14:30:49 +0000

Attachments: Hot_lists.pdf

The attached is what BOP provided in response to our request for "hot lists." What do you think about producing? It seems to have a lot of confidential information about other inmates, and Epstein was never placed on this list. One possible response is just to say that Epstein was never placed on the list.

From:

Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2020 9:08 AM

To:

Subject: FW: Requests

fyi

From:

Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2020 8:44 AM

To:

Cc:

Subject: RE: Requests

Here are a few more things from your request. I have been unable to locate any watch calls or SROs from the requested time frame. I will continue to look for those documents. I have been told SROs were likely not completed during that time and also that most of the Control Center paperwork (originals), to include watch call sheets, were seized by the FBI and/or OIG shortly after the incident, and therefore are no longer in the institution.

Please let me know if you have any questions or if I can be of any further assistance.

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 06/23/20 3:55 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Thank you, my brother!

From:

Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2020 3:53 PM

To:

Cc:

Subject: Re: Requests

I've attached all the documentation I have pertaining to the below request. I am waiting for a few things from HR and Psychology but wanted to send you what I have right now. I highlighted the items below that are attached in this email.

Let me know if you have any questions.

EFTA00027028

Special Investigative Agent

MCC New York

150 Park Row

New York, NY 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 06/12/20 1:54 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hi

Hope you and fam have been well, as well as MCC staff.

Can you please provide the following information concerning the Epstein suicide investigation:

- The BOP and MCC Employee Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics, and corresponding employee acknowledgement forms for Defendant Noel.
- The MCC institutional familiarization training outline.
- The BOP and MCC policy on cellmates and local Institutional Supplement on Special Housing Unit Regulations, including Institutional Supplement/Program Statement Number P.S. NYM 5270.10.
- The BOP and MCC policy on SHU quarterly training.
- The Inmate Accountability Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5511.08.
- The Security Inspections Institutional Supplement/Program Statement, Number I.S. NYM 5500.13.
- SHU Watch Call Logs from August 9, 2019 and August 10, 2019.
- All SHU Watch Call Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Control Center Logs completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU Operations Lieutenant Log Books completed during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All High Risk Lists reviewed during weekly SHU meetings during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.
- All SHU reports and SRO reviews completed by the SHU Lieutenant during Defendant assignment to the SHU post which began on June 26, 2019.

Many thx!

EFTA00027029