EFTA00024772

From: " (USANH) &lt; &gt;, " )"
To: " (USANH)" &lt; &gt;, " )"
Subject: RE: Activity in Case 1:20-mj-00132-AJ USA v. Maxwell Removal Hearing
Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 13:56:00 +0000

Thanks very much.

From: (USANH) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 9:55 AM
To: &gt;; &lt; &gt;
Subject: FW: Activity in Case 1:20-mj-00132-AJ USA v. Maxwell Removal Hearing

FYI.

From: ecf_bounce@nhd.uscourts.gov <ecf_bounce@nhd.uscourts.gov>
Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 9:46 AM
To: nef@nhd.uscourts.gov
Subject: Activity in Case 1:20-mj-00132-AJ USA v. Maxwell Removal Hearing

This is an automatic e-mail message generated by the CM/ECF system. Please DO NOT RESPOND to this e-mail because the mail box is unattended.
***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. However, if the referenced document is a transcript, the free copy and 30 page limit do not apply.

U.S. District Court
District of New Hampshire

Notice of Electronic Filing

The following transaction was entered on 7/6/2020 at 9:45 AM EDT and filed on 7/2/2020

Case Name: USA v. Maxwell
Case Number: 1:20-mj-00132-AJ
Filer:
Document Number: No document attached

Docket Text:
Minute Entry for proceedings held before Magistrate Judge Andrea K. Johnstone: REMOVAL HEARING as to Ghislaine Maxwell held on 7/2/2020. The court found the defendant knowingly and voluntarily waived and in-court hearing. Defendant: advised of rights and charges, waived identity hearing. Detention hearing to be held in prosecuting district. (Court Reporter: Susan Bateman) (Govt Atty: [REDACTED] (Defts Atty: Lawrence Vogelman) (USP: Janice Bernard)(Total Hearing Time: 17 min.) (kad)</ecf_bounce@nhd.uscourts.gov>

1:20-mj-00132-AJ-1 Notice has been electronically mailed to:

S. CaseView.ECF@usdoj.gov, USANH.ECFCriminal@usdoj.gov, USANH.ECFDocket@usdoj.gov

1:20-mj-00132-AJ-1 Notice, to the extent appropriate, must be delivered conventionally to:

EFTA00024773