From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell
Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 22:34:43 +0000

Roger that, thank you.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 13, 2020, at 6:18 PM, wrote:

Technically nobody will be in the courtroom – we’ll all be remote, and then there’s the in-person overflow room that will apparently broadcast the video live, in the jury room of the courthouse. But the victims will be call-in, rather than in-person.

From:
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 14:13
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell

Great letter! Will the victims be in the courtroom or be able to connect remotely?

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 13, 2020, at 12:08 PM, wrote:

No — victims can “be heard” at a bail hearing, either directly or through their attorney (or through us) but yeah they don’t testify.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 13, 2020, at 12:07, wrote:

Also, for our edification, do victims or witnesses ever “take the stand” at an arraignment?

From:
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 11:58 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell

EFTA00024504

FYI

(Also these questions are hilarious – yes of course, we’ll tell journalists what we’re going to argue a day in advance and also identify the names of the victims – no problem!)

From: Palin, Megan &lt;&gt;

Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 12:01

To: [REDACTED]

Cc: [REDACTED]

Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell

Hi there,

I'm a senior journalist for News Corporation (The Sun, NY Post, Wall St Journal) covering the USA V Ghislaine Maxwell case.

I'll be in court for the bail hearing tomorrow but wanted to put a few questions to your team in advance as I know Tuesday will be extremely busy for everyone involved.

- What will the prosecution be arguing in court tomorrow?

- Will any alleged victims or witnesses be taking the stand on Tuesday? If so, how many (and who are they)? What can the court expect to hear from them?

- Will any prosecutors, victims or witnesses be making a statement to the media outside the court before or after the hearing? If so, could you please let me know a time and place if one is scheduled along with any other relevant details?

- Anything to add?

Would you please also include me in any future emails/alerts etc to the media regarding this case?

Thank you.

Kind regards,
Megan Palin

"Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail"

This e-mail and any attachments are confidential, may be legally privileged and are the property of News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited on whose systems they were generated. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited is the holding company for the News UK group, is registered in England &amp; Wales under number 81701, has its registered office at London, SE1 9GF and is registered with VAT number [REDACTED]. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and do not use, distribute, store or copy it in any way. Statements or opinions in this e-mail or any attachment are those of the author and are not necessarily agreed or authorised by News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited

EFTA00024505

or any member of its group. News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited may monitor outgoing or incoming emails as permitted by law. It accepts no liability for viruses introduced by this e-mail or attachments.

News Corp UK &amp; Ireland Limited and its titles are committed to abiding by IPSO's regulations and the Editors' Code of Practice that IPSO enforces.

EFTA00024506