EFTA00026441

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;.

Subject: FW: Epstein investigation

Date: Thu, 04 Apr 2019 05:21:59 +0000

Importance: Normal

With apologies for bothering you with this, we have hit just a complete brick wall with the FBI Information Management Division person we're interacting with, attempting to get a copy of their scans of the FBI case file – the below emails are the first and then most recent email communications we've had with her, but in between are at least a dozen other unreturned emails and phone calls since January, from both me and . is perfectly pleasant when we're able to connect with her, but everything is always a "few days" from being done, which then turns into weeks on end.

I'd like to enlist the help of someone with more influence than we seem to have at the line level—I'm happy to call the DAAG who offered to help if we had any logistical issues, or alternatively the only other person I can identify online as having supervisory authority at IMD is , whom I'm happy to contact, but he's an Assistant Director, so it would be jumping many layers of command. So wanted to check with you on what you think would be most appropriate in terms of elevating?

Happy to discuss in person if that's useful, and thanks very much for the help.

From: [REDACTED]

Sent: Monday, April 01, 2019 12:26

To: [REDACTED] (IMD) (FBI) &lt; &gt;.

Cc: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;.

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Following up on the below, please advise whether the full set of records is uploaded to the W drive for the agents' access? Our office is concerned that we requested these materials initially more than two months ago and still do not have them. Please let us know as soon as possible what the status is? And if there are any impediments, we can assist in expediting.

thanks very much,

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) &lt; &gt;

Sent: Friday, March 29, 2019 16:39

To: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;; [REDACTED] (IMD) (FBI) &lt; &gt;.

Cc: [REDACTED] &lt; &gt;; (NY) (FBI) &lt; &gt;.

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Hi

EFTA00026441

Just following up on our conversation from Wednesday. I am writing to see if everything has been uploaded to the W drive.

Thank so much,

From:
Sent: Wednesday, February 13, 2019 9:53 AM
To:
Cc:
(NY) (FBI)
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Hi

Wanted to quickly check in to follow up on our conversations last week and earlier this week – I think you were able to transmit the scanned records to , but I'm not sure whether that was just the 16,000 pages you mentioned when we last spoke, or if you were able to get all 29,000 to her? And we're also hoping to confirm for sure that all the materials you received were definitely scanned in, and to get an index or catalog of those materials (including what media was included).

Another person on our team, Kurland, who's copied, is jumping in to coordinate on this, so if it's easier to chat via phone her number is , and please let us know if anything would be helpful on our end.

thanks again!

From:
Sent: Wednesday, January 30, 2019 17:19
To:
Cc:
(NY) (FBI)
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation

Following up on our conversation from yesterday, wanted to send a quick email as promised so you have my full contact info – I'm reachable at this email address or by phone at (office) or (cell). Please don't hesitate to reach out anytime day or night if we can provide any useful info, or if you have any questions at all, and we appreciate you talking with us about the records information. Let us know if it makes sense to set up another call for Friday or early next week to check in on the questions we had, and thanks very much for your help.

thanks again,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00026442