From:
To: "ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG"
Cc:

Subject: RE: Epstein victims
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2019 18:13:16 +0000

Bob,

As an update, Judge Berman has scheduled a conference regarding the dismissal of the indictment in light of Epstein's death for Tuesday, August 27th at 10:30am in Courtroom 17B of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse. The order scheduling the conference indicated that Judge Berman will allow victims to be heard—either directly or through their counsel—during the proceeding. If any of your clients would like to attend the conference but cannot afford the travel costs, our office's victim witness coordinator ( ) can provide assistance in arranging travel. They are certainly not required to attend, but we wanted to let you know that the option is available.

Feel free to give me a call if you have any questions or would like to discuss.

Thanks,

From: ROBERT C. JOSEFSBERG
Sent: Monday, August 19, 2019 7:02 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Epstein victims

- Thank you for your informative email/invitation. We will attempt to contact each of our clients re your offer. Thank you for this offer of counseling, and for your dedication to the entire bizarre situation. Bob

Robert C. Josefsberg, Esq.
Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 19, 2019, at 1:18 PM, &gt; wrote:

Bob,

We've discussed victim resources before, but I wanted to follow up as a reminder to say that if any of your clients would like counseling or other victim services, please let them know that they are encouraged to contact the case agent on this case, who can put them in touch with victim services at FBI. The agent is Special Agent , and her phone number is . We recognize that this is a complicated and stressful time for victims, so we wanted to remind you that resources are available.

Our team is always available if issues come up, so please feel free to give us a call.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00023929