EFTA00024721

From: " " )" &lt; &gt;
To: " " )" &lt; &gt;, " " )"
Subject: RE: FOIA Request for Ghislaine Maxwell's Mugshot
Date: Wed, 22 Jul 2020 22:25:11 +0000

We don't have it right now, but we should be getting it soon and producing it in discovery. I'm not aware of any FOIA exemptions that would preclude us from producing it, but those are typically handled by /CivDiv.

From: &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 4:55 PM
To: &lt; &gt;
Cc: &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: FOIA Request for Ghislaine Maxwell's Mugshot

It's correct that SDNY doesn't have it. I don't know who the FOIA request is directed to — whether it's just to our office or to FBI or DOJ as a whole. I think the office's practice on this case is to forward all FOIA inquiries to who is handling them as the main point of contact.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 22, 2020, at 4:46 PM, &lt; wrote:
Isn't the answer just that we don't even have it?

Related, I just put in an intake form request (apologies if someone already did), for discovery production . . .

From: (USAEO) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Wednesday, July 22, 2020 16:08
To: &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;; &lt; &gt;;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: FOIA Request for Ghislaine Maxwell's Mugshot

Good afternoon. I'm with the FOIA/PA Staff here in D.C., and I just received a FOIA request from someone for Ghislaine Maxwell's "mugshot." Though I tasked this FOIA request to , I'm checking with you directly to see if the photo exists and if it is releasable. I sense it's not being circulated on the internet for a reason and wanted to get the backstory in order to respond to the request. Please feel free to let me know if this is something that should be discussed over the phone. Thanks.