EFTA00026748

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;.

Subject: RE: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

Date: Fri, 21 Aug 2020 18:14:18 +0000

I think that decision lies on the other side of the wall. Thanks

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Friday, August 21, 2020 2:10 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;.

Subject: RE: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

Thanks. What's our position on his request to appear telephonically week? Or should I check with the other side of the wall?

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;

Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 2:22 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;, (USANYS) &lt; &gt;.

Subject: FW: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

FYI

From: Bruce Barket &lt; &gt;

Sent: Thursday, August 20, 2020 12:50 PM

To: &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;

Cc: Aida Leisenring &lt; &gt;; tonyricco &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;;; Michael Bachrach &lt; &gt;; Kenneth J. Montgomery Esq &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; ; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;

(USANYS) &lt; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt; &gt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt; &lt; &gt;

Subject: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

Subject: Letter regarding jail conditions and court appearance

I hope all is well. Can you please bring this letter to the attention of the judge? Note that I copied the lawyer for the MCC and the prosecution team as well as firewall counsel. Thank you.

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP

www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

EFTA00026749