EFTA00024028

From: " [Redacted]
Cc: " [Redacted] &gt;&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein victim call
Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 18:22:02 +0000

H [Redacted] and [Redacted], got a third call from this person. Could you please let us know the status of your outreach to her?

Thanks,

From: [Redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 4:15 PM
To: [Redacted] &gt;&gt;
Cc: [Redacted] &gt;&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein victim call

Hi [Redacted] and [Redacted], checked in with us to tell us that this person called him again. Could you please let us know the status of your outreach to her?

Thanks very much,

From: [Redacted] &gt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, February 25, 2021 12:56 PM
To: [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt;:
Cc: [Redacted] &gt;&gt;; [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt;

Subject: FW: Epstein victim call

Hi [Redacted] and [Redacted],

Please see below. Would someone at the FBI be able to contact this woman for initial screening, please? Per our usual practice, if the screening suggests she may have useful information for our investigation, we can schedule an interview with the team.

Thanks,

From: [Redacted] &gt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, February 25, 2021 12:46 PM
To: [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt; [Redacted] &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt; &gt;&gt;;&gt;

Cc:
Subject: Epstein victim call

Team, I just received a call on my desk line from a woman named [redacted], who identified herself as a former client of [redacted] and said she was a former victim of Jeffrey Epstein. I asked if her attorney had been in touch with either the prosecutors or the case agents, since we had previously contacted him, and she said she believed he had not been. She said she had been in touch with an NYPD detective but had not heard back in some time. She said [redacted] represented her for purposes of the Victim Fund, but was not currently representing her. She provided her cell phone as [redacted]. She did not provide any substantive information on the call, and I did not ask for any. I advised that someone would follow up with her, hopefully in the next week or so. The call lasted less than three minutes.

For context, we were in touch with Mr. [redacted] several times in 2020 when he claimed to represent at least nine Epstein victims, all of which he said were unwilling to speak with us. He subsequently said one victim might be willing to speak with us, but then stopped responding to our requests for the complaints he had purportedly filed (but which we couldn't find online). I believe the last communication we had with him was the attached.

thanks,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District

EFTA00024029