From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: JE estate meeting
Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2019 03:25:43 +0000

Following up on your request for a meeting, I think due to various holiday-related issues we don't yet have a response for you, and wanted to provide that status given the approach of the dates you had initially mentioned as being possible. It's our hope that once everyone in our office is back and settled next week we'll be able to circle back to you with more information. We remain very aware of the ongoing processes on the estate / trustees side and we'll work to a response to you as soon as possible.

thanks,

From:
Sent: Friday, December 20, 2019 17:17
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: JE estate meeting

We're not yet exactly sure what our ability is to provide to the Trustees what is effectively discovery in a now-defunct criminal case against Epstein himself; that said, I can convey that we did produce to defense counsel detailed search warrant returns in connection with the New York property. Perhaps you would be able to obtain those from Epstein's criminal defense counsel? In particular I believe what you're looking for would be especially at USAO_4381-4445, but potentially also USAO_2662-4380 (though I note that a handful of those pages were marked as Confidential under a protective order, as set forth in the discovery letter sent to counsel on July 31, 2019). We will also review the status of the search warrant return with respect to the island property (and we have not searched the New Mexico property), and I hope this is useful in the interim.

Separately, I've conveyed your request for a meeting to discuss the possibility of resolving the Government's potential forfeiture claims, and I haven't yet gotten a response to relay but will let you know as soon as I do (and will also provide these dates in connection with your request).

thanks,

From:
Sent: Thursday, December 19, 2019 19:09
To:
Cc:

Subject: JE estate meeting

EFTA00024512

To follow up on our call, can you please send us the search warrant returns/inventories and, if possible, any additional detail regarding the items that were seized in the two searches of the New York property and the search of the New Mexico property.

With respect to a next meeting with you and the Chief of the Criminal Division and, of course, any other colleagues you wish to attend, the following dates in early January would be good for us:

January 3, 6 (before 2:00), 7, 8 (1:00 or later), 9 (after 11:00), or 10

Happy and Healthy New Year from [REDACTED] and me.

[REDACTED]
Partner
Co-Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP
Office [REDACTED] New York, NY 10004-1482
[REDACTED] [REDACTED] Fax [REDACTED]

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

EFTA00024513