From: " " " " " "
To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts
Date: Wed, 12 Feb 2020 21:10:12 +0000
Attachments: 2020-02-10, NDO_&amp;_subpoena_to_Interlochen_(for_student_records)_.docx.pdf

Jeff,

As discussed, attached please find a second subpoena with an accompanying non-disclosure order. Please feel free to give me a call with any questions.

Thanks,
Maurene

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007
212-637-2324

From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
Sent: Thursday, February 6, 2020 2:46 PM
To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

From: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
Re: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts

Maurene –

Receipt confirmed.

Thanks,
Jeff

Jeffrey L. Jocks
Sondee, Racine &amp; Doren, PLC
310 West Front Street, Suite 300
Traverse City, Michigan 49684
231-947-0400
jjocks@sondeeracine.com
www.sondeeracine.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this email and any attachments is intended for the use of the addressee only. Its contents may be privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the named addressee, please delete it immediately. Thank you.

EFTA00026849</jjocks@sondeeracine.com></jjocks@sondeeracine.com></jjocks@sondeeracine.com>

From: "___________________________"
Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM
To: Jeff Jocks <jjocks@sondeeracine.com>
Cc: "___________________________," "___________________________," "___________________________,"

Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts

Jeff,

As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request confidential.

Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further.

Best,
Maurene

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007
212-637-2324

EFTA00026850</jjocks@sondeeracine.com>