From: " _______________"
To: "Weinstein, Marc A." &lt;____________________&gt;.
Cc: "Tomback, Andrew" &lt;____________________&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein estate subpoenas
Date: Fri, 01 Nov 2019 20:41:20 +0000

Sure – we’ll call you in just a moment.

From: Weinstein, Marc A. &lt;____________________&gt;
Sent: Friday, November 01, 2019 16:39
To: _________________________ &gt;; _________________________ &gt;
Cc: Tomback, Andrew &lt;____________________&gt;
Subject: Epstein estate subpoenas

Are any of you available for a quick chat? I’m preparing to send you the documents we discussed shortly, but we’d like to give you a heads up on something first.

Thanks,
Marc

Marc A. Weinstein | Partner
Co-Chair, White Collar Defense

Hughes Hubbard &amp; Reed LLP
_________________________
_________________________

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

EFTA00024303