From:
To: Jordan Merson
Cc: Matthew Merson, Jesse Mautner, Colleen Carlo
Subject: RE: SDNY criminal investigation
Date: Thu, 09 Jan 2020 22:15:57 +0000

Jordan,

Thank you again for speaking with me yesterday, and as I mentioned, my two colleagues on the Epstein investigation are [redacted] and [redacted], both copied here—please feel free to be in touch with any or all of us anytime that would be useful. As I mentioned, we would be interested in learning the accounts of your clients, and we would—as we have with all the victims we’ve spoken to so far—engage with them with the highest levels of sensitivity, including there being no requirement to discuss any particular event or topic at any time. Even to the extent there are any individuals who would not currently be comfortable speaking with us directly, if they would permit you to provide an attorney proffer to us, that also could be very helpful.

And in the first instance, to the extent this is possible, it would be very helpful for us just to be provided the names of your clients—we would not attempt to contact them outside of our discussions with you, but knowing who they are will help us inadvertently approaching individuals who are in fact represented, and would also help us identify to you any particular individual(s) who might be known to us already.

We look forward to being in touch with you soon, and thank you again for being in touch.

Regards,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: Jordan Merson
Sent: Wednesday, January 08, 2020 15:34
To: Colleen Carlo
Cc: Matthew Merson, Jesse Mautner
Subject: Re: SDNY criminal investigation

Good speaking with you. We will relay our discussion to our clients and see if there is interest. Is there any timeline that we should be aware of

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 8, 2020, at 11:50, Colleen Carlo [redacted] wrote:

EFTA00026547

EFTA00026548

---

**Forwarded message**

From:
Date: Wed, Jan 8, 2020 at 11:45 AM
Subject: RE: SDNY criminal investigation
To:

Good morning,

I am a federal prosecutor with the Southern District of New York, and I have been trying to reach Mr. Merson; I left phone messages last Monday and Thursday and also earlier this morning. I am interested in speaking with Mr. Merson regarding our Office’s ongoing investigation into conduct relating to Jeffrey Epstein. I would appreciate a response from Mr. Merson or any appropriate person.

Regards,
...
...
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York
...

...

Colleen Carlo
Office Manager
Merson Law PLLC
Tel:
Fax:

**CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:**

This message is a PRIVATE COMMUNICATION. This message and all attachments are a private communication sent by Merson Law, PLLC, and are confidential and/or protected by privilege. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or any use of the information contained in or attached to this message is strictly prohibited. Please notify the sender of your receipt of this message in error by replying to this message upon receipt. Thereafter, you are required to delete any and all copies of this message and any attachment and return any hard copies of the materials contained therein to the sender. The receipt in error of this message and any attachment is not a waiver of the various privilege(s) attached to this communication.