EffA00026458

From:
To:
Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Thu, 19 Nov 2020 00:12:50 +0000

Sorry

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---

From: " )"
Date: 11/18/20 6:29 PM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

&gt;&gt;&gt; " )" 11/18/2020 18:29 &gt;&gt;&gt;
What number should I call?

On Nov 18, 2020, at 5:59 PM, wrote:

Please call me at your earliest convenience.

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOBBI C STERNHEIM 11/18/2020 5:51 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hi

I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for tomorrow (Thursday)
and a confirmed in-person visit scheduled for Saturday
with my client, Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509.
I am informed that Ms. Maxwell received a nasal swab test today
and is being placed in the SHU for 14 days.
Please confirm:
- whether she I being quarantined.
If so, please explain:
- the reason for the quarantine
- the duration of the quarantine
- whether she will be given legal calls
- whether her legal visits are canceled.

Your prompt response is requested and appreciated.
Thank you-
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor
New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

**Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.**

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00026459