From: " (USANYS)" &lt;

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;, " (USANYS)"

Subject: RE: Request for Jeffrey Epstein Suicide Reconstruction Report

Date: Wed, 16 Sep 2020 13:16:54 +0000

Great. Makes sense.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 4:18 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: RE: Request for Jeffrey Epstein Suicide Reconstruction Report

do. And yes, I've asked Annie to help out on this case.

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 4:14 PM

To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;

Cc: (USANYS) &lt;

Subject: FW: Request for Jeffrey Epstein Suicide Reconstruction Report

Hi – can you add this to the next MCC discovery production? Also, is there another paralegal that'll be working on this case with you?

From:

Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2020 4:10 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc:

Subject: Re: Request for Jeffrey Epstein Suicide Reconstruction Report

- thank you for touching base on this request. Please see the attached, to be produced under the protective order. If it is to be used publicly, please keep us apprised so we can let our media and leg affairs staff know. cc'd here, and his staff can also assist in anything further you need for this case. Thank you for your assistance, and again, apologies for the delay.

&gt;&gt;&gt; 9/11/2020 12:02 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hello

Please give me a call on this request. My number is 202-598-5491. Thank you-

Assistant Director/General Counsel

Federal Bureau of Prisons

Office of General Counsel

320 First Street, NW

Washington, DC 20534

EFTA00025536

E-Mail: khyle@bop.gov

# SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION

The information contained in this electronic message and any and all accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice.

If you are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosure, copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately at the above number to make arrangements for its return to us.

&gt;&gt;&gt; " (USANYS)" &lt; 9/10/2020 5:17 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hi ,

Omar Daza gave us your contact information. We're looking for a copy of the final suicide reconstruction report relating to Jeffrey Epstein. We've seen some drafts in documents sent by the BOP to our office, but we'd appreciate having the final. Can you send it? If you have any questions, we'd be happy to discuss.

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York
One St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00025537