From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell

Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2021 21:38:30 +0000

Inline-Images: image001.png

Thanks, [REDACTED] is on it.

From: _______________________________

Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 2021 12:31 PM

To: _______________________________

Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell

Team, forwarding the below, just got it. Thanks.

From: Robert Y. Lewis &lt;REDACTED&gt;

Sent: Tuesday, April 20, 2021 12:23

To: _______________________________

Subject: U.S. v. Maxwell

Dear [REDACTED]: I represent [REDACTED], one of the victims of Jeffrey Epstein and his lieutenant Ghislaine Maxwell.

[REDACTED] would like to attend the upcoming trial of Ms. Maxwell. She will be coming from England, where she lives.

[REDACTED] is not asking the government to pay for any travel expenses, but would like to know if she can be given any priority (along with other victims of course) in getting into the trial as a spectator, and if so, whether she needs to make arrangements with your office in advance.

Thank you for all your hard work in bringing Ms. Maxwell to justice.

Best,

Robert Y. Lewis

The Marsh Law Firm PLLC

Cell: [REDACTED]

Direct: [REDACTED]

EFTA00026840

THE NATIONAL CRIME VICTIM BAR ASSOCIATION

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this message and any attachment is confidential and may be subject to the attorney-client privilege, or otherwise protected from disclosure by applicable law. Any disclosure, distribution, copying, or use of the information contained in this message or any attachment by anyone other than the intended recipient, regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this message and any attachment is confidential and may be subject to the attorney-client privilege, or otherwise protected from disclosure by applicable law. Any disclosure, distribution, copying, or use of the information contained in this message or any attachment by anyone other than the intended recipient, regardless of address or routing, is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please telephone or email the sender and delete this message and any attachment from your system.

IF YOU ARE NOT A CLIENT: This material is general information of an educational nature and is not legal advice. This communication does not establish or constitute the retention of Marsh Law Firm PLLC for the provision of legal services, unless explicitly so stated herein. Any attached items, including the content of this e-mail, are offered "as is" with no guarantee as to their accuracy, timeliness, or completeness.

EFTA00026841