EFTA00023930

From: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
To: " (ODAG)" &lt;&gt;
Cc: " (ODAG)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Impact Statements
Date: Thu, 31 Oct 2019 18:27:45 +0000

Hi

The FBI is aware of 1 or 2 victims who indicated they could not come on short notice, but does not recall which victims they were. There were other victims who decided not to come but cited other reasons, such as scheduling issues or aversion to press exposure. USAO is not aware of victims who raised scheduling issues. Of course, that doesn't mean they didn't have them, just that no one recalls anyone affirmatively raising them beyond the 1 or 2.

I also now know that, including victims whose known counsel we contacted as opposed to directly, the number who were told about the hearing is at least 50, as opposed to 39. I am still working on whether this number of 50 includes all of the identified Florida victims.

17 is the total number of victims who either spoke or provided written submissions.

From: (ODAG) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 11:33 PM
To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Cc: (ODAG) &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Thank you for this information. It is very helpful but we need a little more clarity. Can you confirm with the VW coordinators (USAO and FBI), prosecutors, and agents whether any victims complained about not being able to participate in the SDNY hearing? Can you also confirm whether the 39 contacted victims include all of the identified Florida victims? In addition to the 17 victims that spoke directly or through counsel, did any victims submit letters to the court in their absence?

Petitioner's counsel has alleged that DOJ, specifically SDNY, possesses information that some of the Epstein victims were unable to attend the SDNY hearing because they did not have sufficient notice to travel to NY. They believe this information is material to the subjects currently being litigated in the 11th Circuit. We need to pin this information down so it can be addressed in the government's response which is due on 10/31.

Again, we apologize for the fire drill but this issue was just raised within the last 48 hours. If you can provide this information before noon tomorrow it will be greatly appreciated.

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 4:34 PM
To: (ODAG) &lt;&gt;

Cc: (ODAG) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Hi

We reached out to at least 39 victims, either directly or through attorneys. The number could be higher, but that is the best as I can confirm today.

At least 17 victims attended the hearing because that is the number that spoke, either directly or through counsel. We believe there may have been additional who were present but did not speak, based on what their attorneys said.

We are not aware of victims who complained about not having an opportunity, but I'd be hesitant to make a categorical statement about that, as its possible I am missing something or the Bureau heard any complaints.

From: (ODAG) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 2:04 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (ODAG) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Thanks, [redacted]. If you know of any victims that complained about not having an opportunity to speak in court or to submit a written letter, that information would be helpful as well.

Thanks

From: (USANYS) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 1:25 PM

To: (ODAG) &lt;

Cc: (ODAG) &lt;

Subject: RE: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Hi - I will try to figure out the rough numbers for you. (1) and (2) should be doable, but I am not sure about (3).

From: (ODAG) &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, October 30, 2019 12:53 PM

To: (USANYS) &lt;

Cc: (ODAG) &lt;

Subject: Epstein Victim Impact Statements

Importance: High

The Petitioner in the Epstein CVRA case has filed an appeal to the 11th Circuit. One of their issues is the District Court's refusal to hold a hearing allowing the Epstein victims to "have their day in court." The Court's ruling is, in part, on the basis that a hearing held in SDNY satisfied this request. The Petitioner has alleged that not all of the Epstein victims who wanted to speak were able to do so at the New York hearing because they did not have sufficient notice and were unable to travel to NY.

Can your office provide us some details about the following: 1) how many victims were contacted about making a victim impact statement; 2) how many victims were able to travel and make an in-person victim impact statement; and 3) how many victims indicated they wanted to make a victim impact statement but were unable to do so given the notice/timing of the hearing?

EFTA00023931

Please provide as much of this information as possible today. I'm very sorry for the quick turnaround but the Department's response to the mandamus petition is due tomorrow.

I really appreciate your assistance.

☐ National Coordinator for Child Exploitation Prevention &amp; Interdiction
Office of the Deputy Attorney General
Direct: ☐

EFTA00023932