From: " (USANYS) [Contractor]"
To: " (USANYS) " &lt; , " (USANYS)"
( ) " &lt; , " ( ) " &lt; , "

Subject: RE: Courtroom connect

Date: Thu, 18 Nov 2021 01:34:14 +0000

Attachments: 2021-11-17_Courtroom_Connect_Letter.docx

Following up on this actually, I just spoke with [redacted], who is requesting courtroom connect for [redacted] (and he did for NCAA also). He said that getting courtroom connect is not going to happen without a signed order from the judge. He recommended getting it submitted sooner rather than later to leave time for logistics to be worked out. Would it be possible to submit a proposed order and request to Judge Nathan soon, tonight or tomorrow? I've drafted one (attached) using the language [redacted] used in his, which I forwarded below. Let me know what you think or if you need anything from me, thanks.

From: (USANYS) [Contractor]
Sent: Wednesday, November 17, 2021 6:23 PM
To: ( ) (USANYS) ( )
( ) ( ) ( )

Subject: FW: Courtroom connect

FYI, I am going to check in with [redacted] tomorrow about the procedure for courtroom connect internet (I flagged it for her yesterday but forgot to check in this afternoon), but it looks like we will need to send a letter and proposed order to the judge to approve it before coordinating with the tech folks who install and make it happen. If this is in fact what we need to do, which I'll again check with [redacted] about tomorrow, I think we should try and send such a letter/proposed order tomorrow (to ideally get it approved as soon as possible and a tech check scheduled for before Thanksgiving).

From: Mark, (USANYS) &lt; [redacted]&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, November 17, 2021 5:59 PM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; [redacted]&gt;
Subject: RE: Courtroom connect

From: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt; [redacted]&gt;
Sent: Wednesday, November 17, 2021 5:58 PM
To: Mark, (USANYS) &lt; [redacted]&gt;
Subject: Courtroom connect

Hey [redacted],

When you get a chance could you please send me the application you sent to Judge Kaplan to get courtroom connect approved?

Thanks,
[redacted]

Paralegal Specialist
U.S. Attorney's Office | SDNY

EFTA00024921

New York, NY 10007
Office:
Cell:

EFTA00024922