From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt; &gt;

Cc: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: FW: Grand Jury Subpoena Issued to UBS Financial Services Inc. dated June 29, 2020

Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 18:08:50 +0000

Attachments: 2020.07.10-_Document_Production_Cover_Letter.pdf; Document_Production.zip; disclaim.txt

Inline-Images: image001.png; image002.png

Hi - attached is a new batch of UBS returns, could you please add them to the shared + tracker and send to ? Thanks! Password is 43581909-2020-1037.

From: jezebel.diaz@ubs.com <jezebel.diaz@ubs.com>

Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 2:05 PM

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Cc: " ; nicole.canter@ubs.com; " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

Subject: [Not Virus Scanned] [Not Virus Scanned] Grand Jury Subpoena Issued to UBS Financial Services Inc. dated June 29, 2020

This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please ensure you know who the message is coming from and that it is virus scanned by your desktop antivirus software.

This message has not been virus scanned because it contains encrypted or otherwise protected data. Please ensure you know who the message is coming from and that it is virus scanned by your desktop antivirus software.

Attached is part 1 of the document production along with our cover letter for the above referenced subpoena. The production is password protected. The password to the production will be provided separately.

Thank you,

Jezebel

UBS UBS

Diaz

Paralegal

Authorized Officer

UBS Group AG

Legal - Subpoenas, Levies &amp; Garnishments

1285 Avenue of the Americas - 12th Floor

New York, NY 10019

(615) 393-7621

EFTA00024447</jezebel.diaz@ubs.com>

EFTA00024448