From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: " (NYPD)" &lt; &gt;

Cc: " (NY) (FBI)" &lt; , " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;

Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes

Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2021 20:32:32 +0000

Attachments: 2021.03.08_LAM_Letter_to_USAO_re_evidence_view_(F).pdf; MM-108062_Miami_Inventory.xlsx

Inline-Images: image001.jpg

Hi

Thanks very much for chatting this afternoon. To recap:

- By tomorrow: Please check to see whether it would be possible to prepare all of the "HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL" nude/partially nude images and videos from the search of Epstein's devices for Maxwell and her counsel to review at 500 Pearl by next Wednesday or Thursday. If that is not feasible, please let me know how much time you need to prepare those materials for review.
- Please confirm that the only categories of "HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL" nude/partially nude images in our custody that have not been produced to the defense are (1) the images seized from Epstein's NY and USVI residences, which were already loaded onto a laptop and brought by the FBI to the MDC for Maxwell to review, and (2) the images and videos seized from Epstein's devices.
- Attached is the inventory you all provided us detailing the physical evidence items from the FBI-Florida investigation. Please confirm that no items from the Florida case are missing from this index.
- Please provide us with a similar inventory of all physical evidence items in FBI-NY custody gathered during our investigation.
- Please work with to figure out the logistics of how to allow defense counsel and (where possible) Maxwell at 500 Pearl Street to review the physical items in the FBI's custody.

Thanks,

From: Laura Menninger &lt;

Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 2:03 PM

To: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

(C USANYS)

Cc: Jeff Pagliuca &lt;;; Christian R Everdell - Cohen &amp; Gresser LLP ( [BLACKED OUT] &lt;;; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' &lt; [BLACKED OUT])

Subject: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes

Counsel -

Please see attached correspondence.

-Laura

EFTA00025204

EFTA00025205

Laura A. Menninger
Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C.
150 East 10th Avenue
Denver, Colorado 80203

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail transmission, and any documents, files or previous e-mail messages attached to it may contain information that is confidential or legally privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, or a person responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you must not read this transmission and that any disclosure, copying, printing, distribution or use of any of the information contained in or attached to this transmission is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender by telephone or return e-mail and delete the original transmission and its attachments without reading or saving it in any manner. Thank you.