EFTA00027086

From: " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "

To: (FBI)" <e: "="" "table"="" "trs"="" "ws"="" "x"="" "z"="" "x"2021="" "x"202111:26="" "x"202111:09am"="" "x"202111:11:26am"="" "x"202111:09am"="" "x"202111:11:11:09am"="" "z"202111:11:09am"="" "z"202111:11:09am"="" "z"202111:14pm"="" "z"202111:14pm"="" "z"202111:14pm"="" "z"202111:14pm"="" .="" [="" [contractor]="" [contractor]="" [contractor]="" ]="" ]-="" ]-2021="" ]-202111:="" ]-202111:09am="" ]-202111:14pm="" ]-202111:09am"="" ]-202111:14pm"="" ]-202111:14pm"="" ]-202111:14pm"="" ]-202111:14pm"

&lt;

Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files

Thanks so much, [REDACTED] (cc'd) will make another copy this afternoon and will send it to you via USAfx.

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED&gt;&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files

Just confirmed with [REDACTED] that we'll need a replacement of the folder called "1B 1-14" since it won't copy for him either, probably due to the files getting corrupted somehow when the disc was burned. The folder/its contents may be small enough that the FBI could send it via USAfx rather than having to burn a new disc, but we'll need a replacement of this folder either way.

From: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 4:27 PM
To: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files

Great, thank you!

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 4:20 PM
To: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files

Hi [REDACTED],

Four of the five folders from the disc have successfully uploaded to the folder path linked below, but the fifth folder (1B 1-14) contains at least one file that will not copy off of the disc (not sure if the file is corrupted or what the issue is exactly). I'll check with the IT folks and [REDACTED] to see if they're able to copy the remaining folder off the disc or if we'll need the FBI to recopy and resend it. I will keep you posted on the status of this last folder.

Thanks,

From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 2:04 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]
Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files

Thank you so much!

From: [REDACTED] &lt;[REDACTED]
Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 1:55 PM
To: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;[REDACTED]; [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor]

EFTA00027087

&lt;

Subject: CD with Maxwell files

Hi [redacted] and [redacted].

On Friday, the FBI brought me a CD containing additional files that I need to review for Maxwell. It should be sitting in my office on the 4th floor on my keyboard at my desk. Would one of you (or another paralegal who is in the office) be able to please grab the CD and load its contents onto the Epstein share? You can save everything from the CD here:

[Redacted]

Thanks so much,

EFTA00027088