EFT A00026609

From: " [Redacted"]
To: [Redacted]

Subject: FW: Follow-up
Date: Wed, 15 Apr 2020 21:48:25 +0000

Forwarded without comment.

From: William Callahan [Redacted]
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 14:18
To: [Redacted]
Subject: Re: Follow-up

Attn: [Redacted]

Around last Dec 19, 2019, we corresponded re HRH Andrew -- and a potential role I could play having been asked by my Investigative colleagues in London to try and act as his NY counsel. At the time I could not find out what solicitors were representing him -- Around mid-March 2020, I learned that two British lawyers were representing him: Gary Bloxsome, a London Solicitor who specialized in Extradition matters, and Clare Montgomery, QC, a Barrister, also specializing in Extradition matters. I emailed both to see if I could get an interest. Bloxsome never replied and [Redacted] Paralegal Clerk to Montgomery, emailed me back to indicate she had read and acknowledged my email. No further responses since that time.

I am assuming that it is their intention to do nothing -- expecting that your investigation will not proceed. There is no question in my mind that Andrew was deeply involved with Epstein and was very friendly with Ghislaine Maxwell and likely is in touch with her now believed to be in Israel.

So, I wish you good luck and perhaps his counsel will reach back to me.

Bill Callahan

William P. Callahan
Attorney At Law
New York, NY 10016 (now working at home)

On Thu, Dec 19, 2019 at 12:16 PM William Callahan [Redacted] wrote:

Will do

Thanks,

On Thu, Dec 19, 2019 at 12:14 PM [Redacted] wrote:

Mr. Callahan,

Thank you for your email, and for speaking with me yesterday. As we discussed, we're not able to talk about hypothetical representations, but to the extent you ultimately represent anyone who may have information in connection with our ongoing investigation, please feel free to give us a call if/when that happens.

Best regards,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

From: William Callahan &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, December 19, 2019 11:10
To:
Subject: Follow-up

Attn: AUSA
Re: Epstein Matter

Confirming our tel-conference of yesterday and the Subject discussed, I expect it will take 3-4 weeks for me to engage in discussions with Subject or his representative.

Thank you,

William P. Callahan
Attorney At Law
President, Unitel
New York, NY 10016

https://callahanandrobinson.com/lawyers/
www.unitel.com (click on British Flag)

Formerly U.S. Department of Justice
Member Association of Former Intelligence officers (AFIO)
Member, International Bar Association, London

EFTA00026610