EFTA00026800

From: "_________________________"
To: "_________________________"
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation (____________________)
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2020 16:33:05 +0000

That works, thanks.

From: ___________________________________________________________
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 11:33 AM
To: ___________________________________________________________ &lt;________&gt; ___________________________________________________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Epstein investigation (____________________)

That works for me. _________________________________________________________, good for you?

Sent from my iPhone

On Feb 25, 2020, at 09:29, _________________________________________________________ &lt;________&gt; wrote:

I have a conference in the _________________________________________________________ in White Plains at that exact time, so I’ll have to miss this. You guy should go ahead without me if that works for you, though.

From: Sigrid McCawley &lt;_________________________&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 9:03 AM
To: ___________________________________________________________ &gt;____________________
Cc: ___________________________________________________________ &gt;; _________________________________________________________ &lt;________&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation (____________________)

Hello _________________________________________________________.

I spoke to _________________________________________________________ and she and I can meet with you on Wednesday, March 4th at 2:00 p.m. Please confirm that works for your team. Can you also please send me the street address for your building so I can get that to _________________________________________________________.

Best,
Sigrid

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301
www.bsflp.com

From: _________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 4:45 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;_________________________&gt;

Cc:  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;;  &lt;---&gt;

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation (  )

CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

Sigrid,

Thank you again for speaking with us this afternoon, we appreciate it. As discussed, we wanted to follow up with you via email about a possible meeting with Ms.  —it sounded like it might be convenient to do a meeting next week while you're in New York, if that would work for her? If so, if you could give us the dates and time ranges that might be possible, we can coordinate on scheduling on our end as well. And of course as always we're happy to address any questions that you or she might have in advance.

thanks very much,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00026801