PRIORITIES WEBPAGE

SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

## Thwarting and Responding to Acts of Terror

The Office addresses a full range of threats to national security, domestic and international terrorism, espionage, and large-scale international drug and arms trafficking. Working closely with the New York Joint Terrorism Task Force and other law enforcement partners, prosecutors assigned to the Office’s Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit have obtained convictions in important national security matters:

- In May 2019, the Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit **convicted Ali Kourani at trial** for his work as a covert operative for Hizballah’s external attack-planning component.

- In November 2018, the Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit charged Cesar Sayoc just days after he mailed sixteen packages containing explosives to CNN, Hillary Clinton, and other public figures in this District and across the country. In March 2019, **Sayoc pled guilty** to 65 felonies, including use of weapons of mass destruction and interstate mailing of explosives. **In August 2019, Sayoc was sentenced to 20 years in prison.**

- In November 2018, the Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit **convicted Akayed Ullah** at trial for detonating a pipe bomb during rush hour in the Port Authority Bus Terminal in support of ISIS.

- In February 2018, Ahmad Khan Rahimi, the so-called “Chelsea Bomber,” **was sentenced** to multiple terms of life imprisonment following his trial conviction for his ISIS-inspired plot to detonate powerful explosives in that densely populated Manhattan neighborhood.

- The Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit **investigated and charged Paul Rosenfeld** in October 2018. Following his subsequent guilty plea, Rosenfeld has since been sentenced for offenses related to his construction of a destructive device in his Tappan, New York, basement that he intended to detonate on the National Mall on Election Day.

## Enforcing International Sanctions

The Office is on the front lines of identifying and prosecuting individuals and entities that violate U.S. and international sanctions.

- In May 2019, the Office announced the first-ever seizure of a **North Korean cargo vessel for violating international sanctions**. As detailed in the complaint, the “Wise Honest” was one of North Korea’s largest carrier ships and was used to export coal from North Korea and import machinery in violation of U.S. and U.N. sanctions. The vessel was sold at auction on October 7, 2019.

- In January 2018, the Terrorism and International Narcotics Unit **secured the second of two convictions** against participants in a sprawling scheme to illicitly transfer billions of dollars of Iranian oil money in violation of U.S. sanctions. In October 2019, the Office announced charges against a Turkish bank for its alleged role in facilitating the sanctions-evasion scheme.

EFTA00023938

EFTA00023939

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE

## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

- In November 2018, the Money Laundering and Transnational Criminal Enterprises Unit announced criminal charges and a $1.34 billion resolution against a large French bank for processing billions of dollars in illicit funds in connection with credit facilities involving Cuba, in contravention of U.S. law.

PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

## Prosecuting Corrupt Public Officials

The Office holds public officials accountable by investigating and prosecuting abuses of office, including quid pro quo bribery, embezzlement of public funds, civil rights violations, and other criminal offenses perpetrated by public officials, law enforcement officers and others. Recent prosecutions include:

- Personal Attorney to the President Convicted of Campaign Finance Crimes, Tax Evasion and Fraud: In August 2018, the Public Corruption Unit secured the conviction of Michael Cohen, the former personal attorney to the President, upon a plea of guilty to a multi-count information. Of note, Cohen pleaded guilty to making unlawful, excessive contributions to the 2016 presidential campaign in the form of payments to two women to secure their silence regarding the then-presidential candidate in order to prevent those stories from influencing the election. Cohen also pleaded guilty to multiple counts of tax evasion in connection with his concealment of millions of dollars in income from the IRS, and to making false statements to a financial institution. In December 2018, Cohen was sentenced to 36 months' imprisonment.

- Nine Defendants, Including Joseph Percoco, Former Executive Deputy Secretary to the Governor, and Alain Kaloyeros, President Of SUNY Polytechnic Institute, Convicted of Federal Corruption and Fraud Offenses: In September 2016, the Public Corruption Unit unsealed charges against two high-ranking State officials, businessmen, and a corrupt lobbyist relating to multiple significant criminal schemes affecting in the aggregate nearly $1 billion in State funds. In the first scheme, one of the most powerful individuals in New York State's executive department – Joseph Percoco, the Executive Deputy Secretary to the Governor – accepted bribe payments from a large energy company and a real estate development company for his influence and action on multiple significant State decisions. In the second scheme, Alain Kaloyeros, a public university president who was given vast control by the Governor's office over State economic development projects engaged in a bid-rigging scheme involving the Governor's centerpiece economic development initiative – known as the Buffalo Billion – conspiring with businessmen to rig the bidding process for State-funded projects worth hundreds of millions of dollars. After two trials, as well as guilty pleas, Percoco, Kaloyeros, five businessmen, and the lobbyist were convicted.

- Four New York City Police Department Officers Convicted of Bribery in Connection with Approving Gun Licenses: Between 2017 and 2019, the Public Corruption Unit convicted four officers from the NYPD's License Division for accepting bribes to approve, upgrade and expedite gun licenses, including of individuals who would otherwise have been rejected on account of their criminal history. The bribes included cash, sometimes handed over in envelopes or stuffed between pages of a magazine, luxury travel, and other gifts. In addition to approving and expediting gun licenses, the bribed officers often upgraded gun licensees to have full concealed carry rights in New York City

EFTA00023940

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

without the proper justification. Those charge and convicted included Lieutenant Paul Dean, the former Executive Officer of the License Division. Also convicted were four former “expediters” who charged clients a fee to help them obtain gun licenses by bribing the officers, including a former Assistant District Attorney.

- In May 2018, prosecutors convicted Sheldon Silver, the former speaker of the New York State Assembly, following a two-week jury trial on charges of wire fraud, mail fraud, extortion under color of official right, and engaging in illegal monetary transactions all arising out Silver’s improper use of his position. The evidence at trial showed that Silver used his office position to obtain nearly $4 million in bribes in exchange for his official acts and another $1 million through laundering the proceeds of his crimes. Silver was sentenced to seven years in prison.

- In July 2018, following a jury trial, the Public Corruption Unit obtained convictions of Dean Skelos, the former New York State Senate Majority Leader, and his son, Adam Skelos, on charges of bribery and extortion. The proof at trial showed that Dean Skelos used his position to obtain more than $300,000 in bribes and extortion payments that were made to Adam Skelos. Dean Skelos received a sentence of 51-months imprisonment and Adam Skelos received a sentence of four years’ imprisonment.

### Prosecuting Local Corruption

- Christopher St. Lawrence, the former Ramapo Town Supervisor, engaged in a scheme to defraud investors in Ramapo’s municipal bonds by manipulating the Town’s financial statements to create the appearance that the Town was fiscally sound. He did so in order to obtain the financing he needed to build Palisades Credit Union Park, a 3,500 seat minor league baseball stadium in Ramapo, at a cost of more than $60 million. He was found guilty at trial and sentenced to 30 months in prison. St. Lawrence’s conviction marked the first prosecution for accounting fraud in connection with municipal bonds.

- Keith Borge, the former Controller for the College of New Rochelle, was convicted in 2019 of engaging in a 20 million dollar payroll tax fraud and securities fraud scheme. Borge failed to pay over to the IRS over 20 million dollars in payroll tax and covered up the resulting liability on the college’s financials. The college’s bondholders were defrauded by the false financial statements. His scheme contributed to the college’s bankruptcy and closure.

EFTA00023941

PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

# Human Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation of Minors

The Office prioritizes the investigation and prosecution of numerous child pornography, child enticement, child endangerment, and sex trafficking offenses.

- In July 2019, prosecutors *charged Jeffrey Epstein* with sex trafficking of minors between 2002 through 2005, Epstein sexually exploited and abused dozens of underage girls by enticing them to engage in sex acts with him in exchange for money. Epstein allegedly worked with several employees and associates to ensure that he had a steady supply of minor victims to abuse, and paid several of those victims themselves to recruit other underage girls to engage in similar sex acts for money. The indictment against Jeffrey Epstein was vacated following his death in August of 2019.

- Beginning from a tip about the trafficking of minor victims in and around the New York City area and a subsequent interview of one particular minor victim, *the Office has successfully investigated and prosecuted violent pimps who trafficked adults and minors--some as young as 13 years-old*—who were often part of the New York City social services system. The investigation has resulted in charges against 19 defendants in eight separate indictments; to date, 15 of the defendants have been convicted—two following jury trials and 13 by guilty pleas. The first defendant to be sentenced in this matter, who was convicted following a May 2019 jury trial, received a sentence of 17 years’ incarceration, and the remaining convicted defendants face substantial sentences.

- In October 2018, the General Crimes Unit *convicted Lavelleous Purcell* after trial of five counts related to his forced prostitution of multiple adult women. Purcell was sentenced to 188 months’ imprisonment.

- In December 2018, *Clint Edwards was sentenced to 20 years in prison* for arranging to meet a 14-year old child over social media and filming himself having sex with the victim in the basement of the victim’s apartment building.

- In 2018, *the White Plains Division secured a 32-year prison sentence for David Ohnmacht for enticing a 14-year-old girl via Instagram to engage in sexual conduct* and for engaging in this criminal conduct while a registered sex offender.

EFTA00023942

PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

## Combatting Gun and Gang-Related Violence

The Office, primarily through the work its Violent and Organized Crime Unit, also focuses on prosecuting murders, and dismantling gangs and violent drug crews, with a particular emphasis on violence prosecutions in the Bronx.

- According to the New York City Police Department, in the first half of 2019 (as compared to the first half of 2018) in the Bronx:
- Murders were down 33%
- Shootings were down 5%
- The number of shooting victims was down 8.5%

- In July 2018, prosecutors convicted Stiven Siri-Reynoso for the June 2016 murder of Jessica White, who was killed by a stray bullet while watching her children play on a playground in the Bronx. Siri-Reynoso was sentenced to life plus five years in prison.

- In December 2018, Sean Peter, Jason Campbell and Steven Syder were convicted of the murder of Brian Gray in the Bronx in October 2012 and for committing narcotics and firearms offenses. The proof at trial showed that in retaliation for an attempted drug robbery, Peter, Campbell and Syder followed Gray and three friends from a local bodega to a nearby porch on Barker Avenue in the Bronx. After leaving the area to arm themselves, Peter, Campbell, and Syder returned and opened fire fatally wounding Gray and injuring two other individuals. Peter was sentenced to 23 years in prison, Campbell was sentenced to 23 years in prison, and Syder was sentenced to 20 years in prison.

- In March 2019, following a five-week jury trial, prosecutors obtained convictions of the leaders of the Blood Hound Brims gang, one of the most violent and fastest-growing factions of the Bloods street and prison gang that operated principally in New York City, upstate New York, Pennsylvania, and throughout the New York State prison system. Three defendants – Latique Johnson, Brandon Green and Donnell Murray – were convicted of committing racketeering conspiracy, narcotics and firearms offenses between 2005 and 2016. In addition, Johnson and Murray were found guilty of committing assault in aid of racketeering for a 2012 shooting at a fast food restaurant in the Bronx involving an AK-47 semiautomatic rifle. Johnson was found guilty of attempted murder in aid of racketeering for ordering a 2012 shooting of rival gang members in the Bronx. The defendants are awaiting sentencing. Ten other defendants pleaded guilty to serious crimes, including racketeering and firearms offenses, arising out the same investigation.

EFTA00023943

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

- In June 2019, prosecutors convicted James Felton for two murders committed in the Bronx in 2016. The evidence at trial established that Felton was a member of a drug-distribution organization operating in the Bronx. On June 11, 2016, at the corner of East 175th Street and Monroe Avenue in the Bronx, Felton shot Marvin Harris 13 times, killing him, after Harris insulted Felton and challenged Felton's status within the drug territory. Six months later, at the corner of East 175th Street and Weeks Avenue, one block away from the scene of the Harris murder, Felton shot a rival drug dealer named Edwin Romero four times, then shot Jose Morales in the head, killing him. Felton was also convicted of conspiring to distribute crack cocaine, heroin, cocaine and marijuana and of related firearms offenses. Felton was sentenced to life plus 75 years in prison.

- In 2018 and 2019, the Violent and Organized Crime Unit successfully prosecuted high-ranking members of the Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods, a violent gang responsible for shootings, drug dealing, robberies and numerous of acts of violence in Manhattan and Brooklyn. The investigation and prosecution resulted in the conviction of 14 members and associates of Nine Trey, including a well-known hip-hop music artist, Daniel Hernandez, a/k/a "Tekashi 6ix 9ine." Hernandez, who pleaded guilty to racketeering, narcotics, and firearms-related offenses, testified in September 2019 at the trial of two high-ranking Nine Trey members, Aljermiah Mack, a/k/a "Nuke," and Anthony Ellison, a/k/a "Harv." Mack and Ellison were convicted of racketeering conspiracy in connection with their gang membership. Ellison was also found guilty of kidnapping, maiming, and assault with a dangerous weapon in connection with his membership in Nine Trey. Mack was found guilty of conspiring to distribute more than one kilogram of heroin related to his gang activities. Both are awaiting sentencing. Four other members of Nine Trey Gangsta Bloods, including the leader of the gang, Jamel Jones, a/k/a "Mel Murda," have been sentenced. The remaining members and associates are awaiting sentencing after having pleaded guilty to serious crimes.

EFTA00023944

PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

# Protecting the Environment and Public Health

The Environmental Protection Unit in the Office's Civil Division protects the environment and public health in this district (and beyond).

- In June 2018, the Office sued the *New York City Housing Authority* for systematically violating lead paint safety regulations, failing to provide sanitary living conditions as required by law, making false statements about these conditions, and deceiving HUD inspectors. The lawsuit was resolved by a *historic settlement* providing for the appointment of a federal monitor for NYCHA, imposing strict compliance deadlines, and obligating New York City to provide billions of dollars to support NYCHA's remedial efforts.

- The Environmental Protection Unit represents the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and other federal agencies in a wide range of environmental enforcement matters in this district, including *Superfund, Resource Conservation and Recovery Act*, *Clean Water Act*, and *lead-paint safety* cases. One significant example is the Office's June 2018 lawsuit against the City of Mount Vernon for failing to comply with Clean Water Act storm sewer permit requirements designed to prevent raw sewage and other illicit pollutants from flowing from Mount Vernon’s storm sewer system into the Hutchinson and Bronx Rivers.

- The Environmental Protection Unit also brings cases on behalf of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration to protect *food safety* and *eliminate other public health threats*. In June 2017, for example, this Office sued to shut down a *fish smokehouse* that had repeatedly been found to have *Listeria* bacteria in the facility as a result of recurring violations of food safety regulations.

- The Environmental Protection Unit also acts to ensure that companies cannot use bankruptcy to avoid their responsibility for environmental contamination. In July 2019, this Office entered into a settlement in *In re Magnesium Corporation*, which requires the debtors to pay more than $33 million for clean-up of a contaminated Superfund site. In addition, in 2014, this Office obtained the *largest ever litigation recovery* by the government for clean-up of environmental contamination, in the *Tronox* bankruptcy. That settlement included, among other things, more than $4.4 billion for environmental clean-up and liabilities arising from contaminated sites across the country.

EFTA00023945

PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

## Combating the Opioid Crisis

The United States faces an epidemic of overdoses and deaths from prescription and synthetic opioids. The Office is committed to prosecuting those responsible for fueling this crisis. In addition to targeting street-level dealers and their suppliers, the Office has aggressively pursued medical professionals who divert these highly-addictive pills, including doctors, pharmacies, and a major drug distributor.

- In April 2019, in the first prosecution of its kind, the Narcotics Unit **charged one of the nation’s largest drug distributors, Rochester Drug Cooperative, and two of the company’s senior executives, with distributing drugs that helped fuel the opioid epidemic.** This case represents the first time executives of a pharmaceutical distributor and the distributor itself have been charged with drug trafficking. The charges are a reminder to drug companies and drug distributors of their responsibilities to put public health before corporate profits and to adhere to the highest standards of ethics and compliance in placing dangerous pharmaceutical products in the marketplace.

The Office has also been aggressive in prosecuting “dirty doctors” and other medical professionals who have helped to perpetuate the opioid crisis.

- In October 2018, the Narcotics Unit **charged five doctors, one pharmacist, and a physician’s assistant as part of a coordinated takedown of trusted health professionals who abused their positions to illegally sell oxycodone.** The case against these defendants is pending.

- In December 2018, the Unit **convicted a Staten Island doctor who prescribed millions of oxycodone pills to patients whom he knew had no legitimate need for the highly-addictive drug.** He is scheduled to be sentenced in January 2020.

- In March 2018, the Complex Frauds &amp; Cybercrime Unit **charged five Manhattan based doctors for accepting bribes and kickbacks from Insys, a pharmaceutical company, in exchange for prescribing Subsys, a potent fentanyl-based spray.** To date, four of the five doctors have been convicted; the remaining charged defendant is awaiting trial in this case.

In addition to pursuing medical professionals, the Office has redoubled its enforcement efforts by partnering with the New York City Police Department to establish the Overdose Response Initiative, which treats every overdose as a crime scene and aims to hold drug traffickers responsible for their roles in the opioid crisis. The Narcotics Unit has secured convictions of multiple individuals who distributed drugs that caused overdoses.

EFTA00023946

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

- In one such case, in December 2018, the Narcotics Unit secured a 25 year prison sentence, following the conviction at trial of an individual who sold heroin that resulted in two overdose deaths.
- In May 2019, the Narcotics Unit convicted a Staten Island drug dealer who sold fentanyl-laced heroin that led to two overdoses, one of which resulted in the death of a 26-year-old man.

## Countering State-Sponsored Cybercrime

The Office has moved aggressively to investigate and prosecute cybercrime cases of national and international significance.

- In March 2018, the Complex Frauds &amp; Cybercrime Unit unsealed charges against nine Iranians associated with the Mabna Institute, which conducted a massive computer hacking campaign on behalf of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. The Mabna Institute is allegedly responsible for stealing academic research, intellectual property, and other confidential business information from 144 U.S.-based universities, 176 universities in 21 foreign countries, 47 domestic and foreign private sector companies, and several U.S. Government agencies, among other victims. The Mabna case was the product of multiple federal and international agencies dedicated work to take down this state-sponsored hacking group. Criminal charges were announced in coordination with sanctions imposed by the Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Asset Control, which designated the Mabna Institute and its hackers for sanctions for conducting malicious cyber activities.
- In December 2018, the Complex Frauds &amp; Cybercrime Unit charged two Chinese nationals affiliated with the Chinese-sponsored hacking group "APT10" with conducting extensive hacking campaigns on behalf of the Chinese government to steal intellectual property and confidential business information from more than 45 technology and defense companies. APT10, known as an "Advanced Persistence Threat" group, compromised data held by managed service providers, firms that other companies trust to store, process, and protect commercial data, including intellectual property and other confidential business information.
- In March 2016, the Complex Frauds &amp; Cybercrime Unit charged seven Iranian nationals for conducting a state-sponsored coordinated series of "Distributed Denial of Service attacks against the U.S. Financial Sector between 2011 and 2013. The seven defendants were allegedly associated with two Iran-based cybersecurity companies – ITSec Team and Mersad – that operated as fronts for the Iran government's offensive cyber operations. During the campaign, the defendants leveraged large botnets consisting of thousands of compromised servers around the world to systematically send malicious Internet traffic to servers belonging to 46 U.S. banks, resulting in disabling the servers and costing the banks tens of millions of dollars to remediate. Notably, the indictment separately charged one of the ITSec Team defendants, Hamid Firoozi, with the 2013 compromise of the

EFTA00023947

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition systems of the Bowman Dam in Rye, New York. Had the sluice gate (the gate that controls the flow of water released through the dam) not been disconnected from the system for maintenance, the compromise would have allowed the Iranian government to remotely control the operations of the dam.

## Prosecuting Fraud

The Office's Criminal and Civil Divisions prosecute fraud on a wide scale. The Criminal Division investigates and prosecutes cybercrime, complex frauds and white collar crimes, and securities and commodities fraud. The Civil Division's Civil Frauds Unit uses civil enforcement statutes to investigate and prosecute numerous types of misconduct, including financial fraud, healthcare fraud, and program and grant fraud, and in recent years has obtained admissions of wrongdoing from dozens of defendants and over $5 billion in recoveries on behalf of the federal government. The Civil Frauds Unit and the Criminal Division's "white collar" units closely coordinate with each other to maximize the recovery of criminal fraud proceeds and to return that money to victims.

In October 2019, Representative Christopher Collins pleaded guilty to participating in a scheme to commit insider trading and to making false statements to federal law enforcement agents. Prior to his guilty plea, Collins had represented the 27th District of New York as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. His son Cameron Collins, and Stephen Zarsky also pleaded guilty to participating in the insider trading scheme. Representative Collins, Cameron Collins and Stephen Zarsky are awaiting sentencing.

- In 2019, the Civil Frauds Unit filed and settled two healthcare fraud lawsuits against national pharmacy chain Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. for a total of $269.2 million, relating to Walgreens's improper billings to government healthcare programs. The Office alleged that Walgreens improperly billed the government for insulin pens that patients did not need and made false representations to Medicare, Medicaid, and other programs in connection with that practice, and also that Walgreens sought and obtained reimbursement from Medicaid for prescription drugs at improperly inflated prices.
- In 2018, the Criminal Division's Complex Frauds &amp; Cybercrime Unit pursued significant investment fraud cases, including the prosecution of William "Billy" McFarland. McFarland was sentenced to six years' imprisonment for, most notably, fraud in connection with promoting the notorious "Fyre Festival" that left hundreds of ticket purchasers virtually stranded without food and shelter—not to mention entertainment—on the beaches of Exuma, in the Bahamas.
- In 2018, the Securities and Commodities Fraud Task Force charged three former employees of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) and three executives at KPMG for their alleged roles in a scheme to illegally obtain confidential PCAOB information and use it to improve

EFTA00023948

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

KPMG audit performance. To date, three defendants have pleaded guilty and two defendants were found guilty after trial. The remaining defendant is awaiting trial.

- In 2018, the Securities and Commodities Fraud Task Force successfully prosecuted Craig Carton, a nationally-syndicated sports talk radio host, for participating in a Ponzi scheme based on the supposed purchase and resale of tickets to Hamilton and other major productions. Carton, who was convicted following a trial, received a sentence of 42 months in prison.

- In 2017, the Civil Frauds Unit obtained a judgment of over $296 million against the entities formerly known as Allied Home Mortgage Capital Corporation and Allied Home Mortgage Corporation (collectively “Allied”), in connection with their fraudulent misconduct while participating in the Federal Housing Administration (“FHA”) mortgage insurance program. After a five week trial, a jury found that Allied falsely certified that thousands of high risk, low quality loans were eligible for FHA insurance and submitted insurance claims to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”) when any of those loans defaulted. In the same trial, the Office also obtained a jury verdict, and $25 million judgment, against Allied’s President and Chief Executive Officer Jim C. Hodge for his participation in this fraudulent conduct.

- In 2016, the Civil Frauds Unit obtained a $1.2 billion settlement of a False Claims Act and FIRREA lawsuit against Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and a Wells Fargo executive—the largest recovery ever in a Federal Housing Administration mortgage fraud case. The Office alleged that, as a participant in the FHA Direct Endorsement Lender program, Wells Fargo engaged in reckless underwriting practices and intentionally failed to report seriously defective loans to HUD.

- In 2016, the Office brought important criminal cases in the area of Medicare and Medicaid fraud, such as U.S. v. Sajid Javed. Javed was convicted for operating nine pharmacies in the New York City area that had submitted more than $8.5 million in fraudulent claims to Medicare and Medicaid for prescription drugs that were not delivered to customers.

- In 2015, the Civil Frauds Unit announced a coordinated $714 million settlement of civil lawsuits brought by the United States and others against the Bank of New York Mellon, in connection with allegations that the Bank engaged in fraud and other misconduct when providing foreign exchange services to its customers. The Office’s lawsuit alleged that, contrary to representations made by Bank of New York Mellon to its clients that the Bank provided “best rates” and “best execution,” the Bank actually gave clients the worst reported interbank rates of the trading day.

EFTA00023949

PRIORITIES WEBPAGE
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

## Protecting Civil Rights

The Office is a leader in the prosecution of civil and criminal cases to ensure the protection of civil rights for individuals within the District.

- In March 2019, as part of its continued enforcement work under the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Civil Division’s Civil Rights Unit helped **secure a partial summary** judgment that, if applied going forward, would obligate the MTA to install elevators whenever it performs a subway station renovation that affects the station’s usability, regardless of cost.

- In March 2019, the Civil Rights Unit resolved its sixteenth design and construction case under the Fair Housing Act, by entering into a Settlement Agreement requiring **Sutton Manor, a condominium complex in Mount Kisco**, to engage in extensive retrofits to make the individual units and common areas of the complex more accessible to residents with disabilities. The Unit resolved a similar suit against **Webster Management in December 2018**, and another such suit against **Ginsburg Development in April 2018**.

- In July 2018, the Civil Rights and Public Corruption Units obtained the conviction and sentencing of New York State Correction Officers for the brutal beating of inmate Kevin Moore, and for falsifying records to cover up the beating.

- In November 2017, the Civil Rights Unit settled a race discrimination lawsuit against the New York City Department of Transportation for a pattern and practice of Title VII violations, requiring the City to pay $1.3 million in damages and revise its promotion policies.

- In September 2017, the Civil Rights and Public Corruption Units secured a 30-year sentence for Brian Coll, a New York City Correction Officer, following his conviction after a jury trial for beating

EFTA00023950

EFTA00023951

# PRIORITIES WEBPAGE

## SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK

an inmate, Ronald Spear, to death and for obstructing justice by covering up the true cause of Spear's death.

- In August 2017, the Civil Rights and Public Corruption Units **convicted** *Rodiny Calypso*, a New York City Correction Officer, for filing a false report in connection with the assault of a handcuffed inmate at Rikers Island.
- Also in August 2017, the Civil Rights and Public Corruption Units secured the conviction and jail time for New York State Correction Officer Jeffrey Green, who pleaded guilty to violating the constitutional rights of an inmate by subjecting her to abusive sexual contact.