From: " (USANYS) [Contractor]" &lt;&gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein's death
Date: Thu, 21 Oct 2021 21:37:17 +0000

Thanks very much.

---Original Message---

From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
Sent: Thursday, October 21, 2021 5:34 PM
To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt;
Subject: RE: Epstein's death

Ha! I appreciate his staying true to his word. I will double check this evening or tomorrow morning and circle back with you on any guidance that may be appropriate—but I'm not aware of any new investigative activity in this space.

( just rebutted in Parnas so may also loop back later.)

&gt; On Oct 21, 2021, at 5:25 PM, (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt; wrote:
&gt;&gt;
&gt; asked me to ask you about this. The Times is hearing that there's some recent activity in the DOJ-OIG inquiry into management of the MCC that was initiated after Epstein's death. had said a few weeks ago, in response to a CBS inquiry that I let them know about, that there's no 'new' investigation, but and colleagues are hearing there has been recent activity in the ongoing inquiry. I asked about this Times inquiry (see below), but I haven't heard back. I'm happy to provide whatever guidance you think appropriate. asking because he wants to keep his pledge not to discuss business when you meet.

&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: (USANYS) [Contractor]
&gt; Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 1:35 PM
&gt; To: (USANYS) &lt;&gt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; &lt;--&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; Subject: RE: Epstein's death
&gt;
&gt; FYI, the Times made a similar inquiry today, although they didn't say the investigation has been 'reopened,' rather that they're hearing there's been recent activity/interviews in connection with the investigation into the management of the MCC.

&gt; ---Original Message---
&gt; From: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; Sent: Friday, September 24, 2021 1:49 PM
&gt; To: (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;&gt; &gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; &lt;--&gt;; (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; Cc: (USANYS) &lt;&gt;
&gt; Subject: RE: Epstein's death
&gt;
&gt; For your awareness, there is still an ongoing DOJ-OIG investigation that, broadly speaking, is about Epstein's death, but the focus is on institutional failures and it isn't new -- this has been in existence and moving slowly since the day he died. Besides that, there's nothing to this that I'm aware of.

EFTA00026481

&gt;---Original Message---
&gt;From: [REDACTED] (USANYS) [Contractor] &lt;REDACTED&gt;
&gt;Sent: Friday, September 24, 2021 4:48 PM
&gt;To: [REDACTED] (USANYS)&lt;REDACTED&gt;; [REDACTED] (USANYS)&gt;REDACTED&gt;
&gt;Cc: [REDACTED] (USANYS)&lt;REDACTED&gt;
&gt;Subject: Epstein’s death
&gt;
&gt; FYI, a person at CBS says they have a “highly placed source” telling them DOJ has “reopened” the investigation into Jeffrey Epstein’s death, presumably meaning someone isn’t convinced it was a suicide. I don’t think they’re close to reporting this.
&gt;
&gt; chief public information officer
&gt;U.S. Attorney’s Office, SDNY
&gt;
EFTA00026482