From: "Chris R. Rodgers"
To: "  "  "
Cc: Jack Scarola

Subject: RE: SDNY Investigation
Date: Wed, 02 Sep 2020 20:39:09 +0000

Attachments: - Vol. II.pdf; 12-4-
09_JANE_DOE_2_v_EPSTEIN_(C. )_Ex._1.pdf; 12-4-
09_JANE_DOE_2_v_EPSTEIN_(C. )_Ex._2.pdf; 12-4-
09_JANE_DOE_2_v_EPSTEIN_(C. )_Ex._3.pdf

Hello,

Jack asked for me to reply to your request. We have only been able to locate Volume II (the afternoon portion) of 12/04/09 deposition. I have requested Volume I from the Court Reporter (Prose Reporting) and will let you know what I hear. Volume II and the exhibits marked therein are attached.

Please let us know if we can assist further.

Thanks,

Chris Rodgers

From: "  "
Date: September 2, 2020 at 12:44:45 PM EDT
To: Jack Scarola
Cc: "  "  "
Subject: RE: SDNY Investigation

Hi Jack,

Hope you're doing well. Following up on this, are you available for a call tomorrow to discuss this transcript?

Thanks,

From:
Sent: Monday, August 24, 2020 4:57 PM
To: Jack Scarola
Cc:  (USANYS)
Subject: SDNY Investigation

Hi Jack,

Following up on our conversation from earlier this month, I wanted to check in to see if you had made any progress in locating a copy of the transcript of civil deposition. If you haven't been able to locate it, could you please let us know what the reporting agency was?

EFTA00023555

Thank you,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York

Privileged and Confidential | Electronic communication is not a secure mode of communication and may be accessed by unauthorized persons. This communication originates from the law firm of Searcy Denney Scarola Barnhart &amp; Shipley, P.A. and is protected under the Electronic Communication Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. S2510-2521. The information contained in this E-mail message is privileged and confidential under Fla. R. Jud. Admin. 2.420 and information intended only for the use of the individual(s) named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. Personal messages express views solely of the sender and shall not be attributed to the law firm. If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail or by telephone at (800) 780-8607 and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you.

EFTA00023556