@SDNYNews Priorities

JUNE, 2021

Lev Parnas and Igor Fruman charged with conspiring to violate straw and foreign donor bans: In October 2019, four defendants were charged in a four-count indictment alleging that each of the defendants conspired to violate the ban on foreign donations and contributions in connection with federal and state elections. In addition, Parnas and Fruman were charged with conspiring to make contributions in connection with federal elections in the names of others, and with making false statements to and falsifying records to obstruct the administration of a matter within the jurisdiction of the Federal Election Commission ("FEC").

Ghislaine Maxwell charged for conspiring with Jeffrey Epstein to sexually abuse minors: In July 2020, Maxwell was arrested and charged with enticing a minor to travel to engage in criminal sexual activity, transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, conspiracy to commit both of those offenses, and perjury in connection with a sworn deposition. The Indictment unsealed today alleges that between at least in or about 1994 through 1997, Maxwell and co-conspirator Jeffrey Epstein exploited girls as young as 14, including by enticing them to travel and transporting them for the purpose of engaging in illegal sex acts. As alleged, knowing that Epstein had a preference for young girls, Maxwell played a critical role in the grooming and abuse of minor victims that took place in locations including New York, Florida, and New Mexico. In addition, as alleged, Maxwell made several false statements in sworn depositions in 2016.

## Proposed:

Jennifer Shah (elder abuse)
Kolfage, et al.
Hadden
DPRK Boat Seizure
Nygard
Honduran Ntl Police Chief
Rikers guards smuggling to inmates?
Horseracing indictments?

EFTA00023917