From: " ___________________________________________________________ "
To: " ___________________________________________________________ "
Subject: Re: AUSA ECC package
Date: Sun, 18 Oct 2020 21:50:26 +0000

I sent [redacted] an email from [redacted] and he said thanks so we are ok.

Sent from my iPad

On Oct 18, 2020, at 5:22 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Hi [redacted],

Thanks so much – and sorry for the slow reply. From the email chain I’ve attached, it sounds like it’s possible [redacted] has already sent you an email approving. But if not, I’m attaching our travel memo-- perhaps we can just use the text from the memo if that’s easier than endorsing the document.

Thanks for all of your help coordinating this trip, our whole team really appreciates it.

Best,

From: [redacted]
Sent: Friday, October 16, 2020 9:42 AM
To: [redacted]
Cc: [redacted]

Subject: Re: AUSA ECC package

I think we, or me, missed this

I will have [redacted] sen me an email saying Something like this. Edit it for me.

The SDNY requests approval for travel by AUSA [redacted] to the U.K. from October xx to October Yu, 2020. This travel is required at this time as Ms. [redacted] will be conducting an interview of victim/witness in the case against Glaine Maxwell. The victim was a victim of Jeffrey Epstein. She will only talk to us person and it is necessary for us to get her statement on the record to preserve the government’s right to use her at trial.

Please approve her travel to the U.K.

[redacted]

Acting United States Attorney.

Sent from my iPad

On Oct 16, 2020, at 9:05 AM, [redacted] wrote:

Hi [redacted],

Do you happen to have the signed memo from [redacted]? I think that’s what the email below is asking me for, but not exactly sure. Thanks! Hope you’re doing well.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: USAEO-Foreign Travel [redacted]
Date: October 16, 2020 at 1:52:34 PM GMT+1

EFTA00027064

To: &lt;&gt;

Cc: USAEO-Foreign Travel &lt;&gt;

Subject: RE: AUSA ECC package

AUSA

Please forward your USA approval for tip ID 11312503, so I can approve your travel authorization?

v/r

Executive Office for U.S Attorneys

Foreign Travel

From: &gt;&gt;

Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 5:17 PM

To: &gt;&gt;; USAEO-Foreign Travel

Cc: &gt;&gt;

Subject: RE: AUSA ECC package

Thank you. A visa is not required for this trip.

Much appreciated—

Assistant United States Attorney

Southern District of New York

One Saint Andrew's Plaza

New York, NY 10007

From: &gt;&gt;

Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 4:58 PM

To: USAEO-Foreign Travel &lt;&gt;;

Cc: &gt;&gt;

Subject: AUSA ECC package

Importance: High

Hi RMP, Please see the attached ECC request package for AUSA

If required, please inform the traveler how to determine who the POC is for this trip.

Please advise the traveler of any additional steps they may need take.

Hi , Please let EOUSA know if you have checked to see if a visa is required for your destination.

View the state dept. link for the country you are traveling to visa link for the country you are traveling to.

Visa policies may be found on the Department of State's website or on the website hosted by each country's embassy.

https://travel.state.gov/content/gassports/en/country.html

Traveler, Consult EOUSA usaeo.foreign.travel@usdoi.gov mailbox to obtain a visa for you.

To provide sufficient time for the State Dept. to issue the authorization letter and for the foreign government to process the visa request, it is recommended that visa request package be submitted to EOUSA's RMP Travel.

Staff 15 business days prior to the proposed date of departure.

Thank you

&lt;2020.10.2 Travel Memo London.docx&gt;

EFTA00027065