2019 10 06

Subject: RE: Final Voucher 10810414(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review
Date: Wed, 20 Nov 2019 17:47:09 +0000

That's fine, I just don't want to approve a final voucher that doesn't include the final info. Thanks.

Subject: RE: Final Voucher 10810414(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review

Alex, regarding the Transient Occupancy Tax, LA County is tax exempt. I've contacted Doubletree by Hilton Santa Monica for a refund for those charges. Thanks for your patience in this matter.

Subject: RE: Final Voucher 10810414(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review

Unfortunately this is still incorrect. First, it has the nightly lodging costs listed as $248 when in fact it was $247 – see the invoice, which is attached again. (Or please let me know if I'm supposed to be reimbursed for the maximum daily allowance rather than the actual cost.) Also it still does not include the tax.

Please let me know when it is corrected and I will review it again.

From: etravelservices@cwtsatotravel.com
Sent: Wednesday, November 20, 2019 10:06

Subject: Final Voucher 10810414(1) prepared by a travel arranger is pending your review

Final voucher 10810414(1) has been prepared by your travel arranger and is ready for your review. Please log into E2 Solutions to review the document.

Trip ID: 10810414
Voucher ID: 1
Voucher type: Final

EFTA00025246

Traveler name:
Purpose: R20NYS13179 - U.S. v. Epstein - Witness Interview
Destination: Santa Monica, CA, United States
Dates: 2019-11-13 - 2019-11-15
Current status: Pending Voucher Approval
Voucher total expenses: 1517.64
Estimated trip cost: 1583.95
E2 Single Sign On Login (within DOJ Network Only): https://dojnet.doj.gov/jmd/fs/e2-redirect.html
E2 Manual Login (User ID and Password): https://e2.gov.cwtsatotravel.com
Thank you for using E2Solutions. Help and support is available online by selecting the 'Online Help' link.
Please note: Replies to this mailbox are not monitored.
Some E2 email notifications are optional. To manage your email notifications, go to E2 Solutions to change your email settings. Click 'Profile' on the task bar and then click the 'Edit Email Notifications' link to manage the emails that you receive from us.

Reference ID# V0012
This e-mail and any attachments may contain confidential and/or proprietary information. If you received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and delete the e-mail and any attachments; any further use of such e-mail or attachments is strictly prohibited.

EFTA00025247