EFT A00025336

From:
To:
Cc:

Subject: RE: Hi Please let me know as soon you have decided &amp; booked
Date: Fri, 11 Oct 2019 19:32:23 +0000

For next week, could you please book me on the following flights, the first of which is New York to Florida, and then the second one is Florida to Nashville, where I was already scheduled to take a work trip for a conference:

- Tuesday, October 15: 6:00 a.m. (arriving 8:53 a.m.), LGA to FLL, JetBlue
- Tuesday, October 15: 3:50 p.m. (arriving 5:10 p.m.), FLL to BNA, Southwest

Please let me know if any other information would be helpful, and thanks very much.

From:
Sent: Friday, October 11, 2019 12:14
To:
Cc:
Subject: Hi Please let me know as soon you have decided &amp; booked

Traveler,

Each time you book a trip, you should check these links to see the maximum lodging allowed for your destination city &amp; if the office will be able to reimburse you for room taxes.

- Click here *Per diem Rates* link - the maximum lodging reimbursable for your destination is *Per diem Rates* link
Misc. fees may be considered part of the per night rate &amp; may need to be factored into the total per night cost

- Click here - is the city lodging tax exempt?
State/City tax exempt link https://usanet.usa.doi.gov/staffs/RMP/ layouts/15/WopiFrame2.aspx? sourcedoc=/staffs/RMP/RMP%20Document%20Library/TravelStateTaxExemption.pdf&amp;action=default
https://www.esa.gov/travel/plan-book/state-tax-exemption-information-for-government-charge-cards
If applicable, print &amp; submit form to hotel front desk Lodging taxes will no longer be reimbursed for cities that allow an exemption.

- PIV Card Driven Link - E2 Solutions, select USA identity provider OR Password Driven link - Click here to log back into the System.
You or your legal asst. should create an E2 travel auth. &amp; book air, rail &amp; or hotel in E2 E2 Solutions. today
Be sure to complete the process by clicking send to approver at the end.. This is the only way your request can reach for approval.

- Please email me a copy of your CWT air / rail e-ticket email &amp; or hotel reservation confirmation

- Rental Cars
Travelers must reserve rental cars via E2-E2 Solutions to ensure the rental car company is under the U.S. Government Car Rental Agreement.
Only Compact or Economy vehicles are authorized. Contact travel coordinator for acceptable justifications/ authorization for bother vehicle classes
Refueling charges charged by the rental car company cannot be reimbursed Be sure to gas up BEFORE you return the car

For travel to TDY sites that are less than 400 miles in distance, the GOV must be used when available. If the GOV is not available, the traveler should then consider the least costly economy rental vehicle

The traveler must decline insurance coverage within CONUS but accept the coverage when traveling in OCONUS and foreign locations areas.

- Receipts/ Expense claims must be submitted the day after the trip is completed

From:
Sent: Friday, October 11, 2019 10:56 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: RE: travel approval request

approved

From:
Sent: Friday, October 11, 2019 10:47 AM
To:
Cc:
Subject: RE: travel approval request

We just found out yesterday that we're being sent to Florida for an FBI-arranged meeting with victims in the Epstein case, so again in connection with that investigation (2018R01618), I'd like to please request permission to travel on Monday to Florida and back. Unfortunately because of scheduling I expect I'll need to fly down and back both on Monday (and back in time to make an afternoon flight to Tennessee for a separate work obligation), but it's possible [redacted] may need to go if we can't get the scheduling. In any event, we're requesting approval for travel for one person for either zero nights or one night, and no need for a conference room for this trip.

thanks very much,

Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

EFTA00025337