From: " ___________________________________________________________ "
To: " ___________________________________________________________ ", "Berman, Geoffrey (USANYS)" &lt;_______________________&gt;
Subject: Fwd: FOX Business inquiry
Date: Mon, 16 Mar 2020 15:17:33 +0000
Inline-Images: image001.png

Geoff: just let me know if you'd like for me to do anything other than decline. Thanks.

Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

From: "Pagones, Stephanie" &lt;___________________________________________________________&gt;
Date: March 16, 2020 at 8:22:57 AM EDT
To: " ___________________________________________________________ "
Subject: FOX Business inquiry

Hi,

We're working on a story in which we speak to several former federal prosecutors and US Attorneys about the potential next steps in the Epstein investigation, particularly as it pertains to Prince Andrew's unwillingness to cooperate.

One of the things that has come up from multiple people is how unusual it is for Geoffrey Berman to have spoken publicly about this matter, not once, but twice.

Per one former US Attorney: "It's an unusual move because generally speaking, there is a rule, there's guidance in the U.S. attorney's manual that comes from the attorney general that indicates that they are not to comment."

Full disclosure, in most, if not all cases, the people I spoke with said they would likely have done the same thing.

That said, would you or US Atty Berman like to provide any statement or comment to be included in the story?

We are on deadline for 4 p.m. Monday. Thank you in advance, I hope to hear from you before then.

Stephanie Pagones
Digital Reporter | FOX Business
cell: [redacted]
@steph_pagones
[redacted]
[redacted]
BUSINESS

This message and its attachments may contain legally privileged or confidential information. It is intended solely for the named addressee. If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to the addressee), you may not copy or deliver this message or its attachments to anyone. Rather, you should permanently delete this message and its attachments and kindly notify the sender by reply e-mail. Any content of this message and its attachments that does not relate to the official business of Fox News or Fox Business must not be taken to have been sent or endorsed by either of them. No representation is made that this email or its attachments are without defect.

EFTA00025549