From: _______________________________&gt;
To: _______________________________
Cc: _______________________________

Subject: RE: Epstein update
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 16:36:40 +0000

In addition to _______________________________, can you please include Chief _______________________________

Thank you

From: _______________________________
Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 12:32 PM
To: _______________________________
Cc: _______________________________
Subject: Re: Epstein update

Hi all,

Who is his lead counsel? The Warden is preparing the formal letter for the Court, in which your office, the USMS, USPO, and lead counsel are cc'ed. Do you have an email address for him/her?

Thank you,

___________________________
Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; * 8/10/2019 11:30 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

It is frankly unbelievable to me that BOP is issuing public press releases on this before telling us basic information so that we can relay it to his attorneys who can relay it to his family. When can we expect to get either some sort of statement we can pass along to counsel as accurate and reliable or have a call with someone?

I understand from the Marshals that they have been unsuccessful in reaching anyone with authority at BOP, and given the BOP press release that was just put out I assume we need to speak with someone there. Please advise.

Thank you.

EFTA00024354

On Aug 10, 2019, at 10:43, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

As you might imagine, we are getting increasingly frantic calls from defense counsel who continue to be seeing information in the press that we—the U.S. Attorney's Office—haven't yet received. We need to know as soon as possible the very basic facts, such as time and cause of death at the absolute minimum. It has now been hours since this was reported publicly. Please advise when we can expect to receive either a written report on those basic facts or when we can have a call to get that information to relay to his counsel. It is extraordinarily frustrating to have to tell them that we have less information than the press. Please advise.

Thank you,

On Aug 10, 2019, at 08:46, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Passed away. We are completing a significant incident report for HQ for Death of a Federal Inmatehowever, I do not have any specifics from the BOP yet.

From: [redacted]

Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 8:44 AM

To: [redacted]

Cc: [redacted] &gt;: [redacted]

Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update

Thank you for telling us. What do you mean by "passed"?

Thanks,

Sent from my iPhone

On Aug 10, 2019, at 8:18 AM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

BOP just provided another update- Epstein has passed. I have no additional info. I will push out updates as we receive.

From: [redacted]

Sent: Saturday, August 10, 2019 7:52 AM

To: [redacted]

Subject: Re: Automatic reply: Epstein update

FYI:

The BOP just informed us that Epstein is being taken by ambulance to the hospital from another apparent suicide attempt- no other information was provided.

They will update us as more info becomes available.

On Aug 10, 2019, at 7:26 AM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

I will be out of the office on vacation until Monday, August 12th. Although I will have access to email during my absence, my responses may be delayed. For urgent matters, please contact the other AUSA(s) on the case, or AUSA [redacted] at [redacted] or [redacted]

EFTA00024355