From:
To:

Subject: RE: brief
Date: Sun, 12 Jul 2020 17:57:36 +0000
Attachments: 2020-07-12_GM_detention_reply_brief_(MC_+_AR).docx

This looks great. Overall very strong, and great new paragraph addition by [redacted] too. I made a bunch of small formatting changes, and shortened one cite, and otherwise no comments at all. Onward.

From:
Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 13:45
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: brief

Thanks for flipping this so quickly, and really appreciate the team effort on this. [redacted] any comments?

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 12, 2020, at 1:41 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Attached with my proposed edits (mostly nits and the addition of the paragraph I emailed about earlier). Thanks so much for all your incredible work on this, [redacted]

From:
Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 1:22 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: brief

Will do, and on my list this afternoon to do some other stuff like that that you asked earlier. I'm gonna log on in ten and read first and then the other stuff and then circle up.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 12, 2020, at 13:17, [redacted] wrote:

[redacted] could you please save the slip-and-fall deposition here:

Thanks.

From:
Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 1:09 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: brief

EFTA00024479

I'll call now and then take a look right after.

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 12, 2020, at 13:02, wrote:

Attached.

From:
Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 12:39 PM
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: brief

yup

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 12, 2020, at 12:38, wrote:

Hi team – I’m going to send you the draft incorporating changes in about half an hour. Are you able to give it a quick read to make sure you’re comfortable with some of the alterations/additions? Thanks.

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
New York, NY 10007

&lt;2020-07-12 GM detention reply brief.docx&gt;
&lt;2020-07-12 GM detention reply brief (MC).docx&gt;

EFTA00024480