From: [Redacted]

Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 03:44:27 +0000

Attachments: Maxwell_Reply_to_6-7-21_Conditions_Ltr.pdf

Hi [Redacted]

Please see the attached letter from Maxwell's counsel. Do you have time this week for a call to discuss, please?

Thanks,

Assistant United States Attorney
Southern District of New York
1 St. Andrew's Plaza
New York, NY 10007

From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>

Sent: Tuesday, June 15, 2021 6:49 PM

To: [Redacted]

Cc: Christian Everdell <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; Laura Menninger <lmenninger@hmflaw.com>; Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>

Subject: US v. Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

Good evening-

Attached is a courtesy copy of today's ECF fling.

Regards,

Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor
New York, NY 10011

Main: 212-243-1100
Cell: 917-912-9698
Fax: 888-587-4737
bcsternheim@mac.com

**Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.**

EFTA00023918</jpagliuca@hmflaw.com></lmenninger@hmflaw.com></ceverdell@cohengresser.com></bcsternheim@mac.com>

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

On Jun 7, 2021, at 9:42 PM, wrote:

Good evening,

Attached please find the Government's letter updating the Court about the defendant's conditions of confinement at the MDC. The Government is still waiting to hear from defense counsel whether they are seeking redactions.

Accordingly, the Government is submitting the letter by email to the Court temporarily under seal to give the defense an opportunity to propose and justify any redactions it deems necessary. We will file the letter on the docket at the Court's direction.

Respectfully submitted,

Assistant United States Attorney
United States Attorney's Office
Southern District of New York

&lt;2021-06-07 GM letter update re MDC conditions final.pdf&gt;

EFTA00023919