EFTA00026487

From: " ___________________________________________________________ "
To: " ___________________________________________________________ "
Cc: " ____________________________________________________________ ", "

Subject: Re: EOUSA-2020-003382, ABC News follow up
Date: Thu, 30 Jul 2020 23:04:13 +0000

Thanks, [REDACTED] can take it from here

[REDACTED]
Associate U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York
[REDACTED]

On Jul 30, 2020, at 6:43 PM, [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Hi [REDACTED],

I’m copying [REDACTED], who I understand is coordinating all responses to FOIA requests related to Jeffrey Epstein.

The requested records are grand jury materials, and therefore covered by Rule 6(e).

Thanks,

[REDACTED]

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 30, 2020, at 6:02 PM, [REDACTED] &gt; wrote:

Good evening [REDACTED] and [REDACTED],

I am checking back in with you regarding my 2020-07-07 message about an exemption memo for this FOIA request. Please take a look.
I am ready to assist you any way you need.

Thanks,

[REDACTED]
FOIA Officer
USAO/SDNYNYS

EFTA00026488

From: [REDACTED], [REDACTED] (USANYS)
Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 16:17
To: [REDACTED] &gt;: [REDACTED]
Cc: [REDACTED]
Subject: EOUSA-2020-003382, ABC News

Good afternoon,

Here is a new FOIA request regarding United States v. Jeffrey Epstein. I am attaching a standard exemption document for you. Please try to send it back on or about July 14th, 2020.

The requester entered his request directly into the portal rather than a PDF.:

“Dear records officer, Pursuant to FOIA, I request a copy of the 5 years of banking records of Jeffrey Epstein from "Insitution-1" referenced by SDNY in a Jul 12, 2019 letter to Richard Berman (see Page 11 of supporting document). Please acknowledge receipt of this request. Thank you. Exact Source: Case 1:19-cr-00490-RMB Document 11 Filed 07/12/19”

Thank you!

<exemption memo.docx=""></exemp>