From:
To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;&gt;
Cc: Christian Everdell &lt;&gt;, "Mark S. Cohen" &lt;&gt;
Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509
Date: Thu, 19 Nov 2020 15:36:52 +0000

She is not in the SHU.

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;&gt; 11/19/2020 10:36 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thank you.
Please confirm whether she is in her isolation cell or in the SHU.
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
New York, NY 10011

Main:
Cell:
Fax:

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.
If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

On Nov 19, 2020, at 10:29 AM, wrote:
Bobbi-

I received your email after hours yesterday and just haven't had a chance to respond yet.

Your client came in close contact with a staff member who tested positive. Out of an abundance of caution and for the safety of Ms. Maxwell, staff, visitors and other inmates, MDC Brooklyn has placed Ms Maxwell in quarantine status. She as you are aware was tested into quarantine and will be tested out in approximately 14 days. Once all the tests are negative she will be placed out of quarantine. Her legal calls and discovery will continue. She will be unable to have in person legal visits to protect visitors from potential exposure.

&gt;&gt;&gt; BOBBI C STERNHEIM &lt;&gt; 11/19/2020 10:25 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning-
I am counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509.

EFTA00026460

I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for today (Thursday)
and a confirmed in-person visit scheduled for Saturday
with Ms.Maxwell

I am informed that Ms. Maxwell received a nasal swab test yesterday
and was being placed in the SHU for 14 days.

Please confirm:
- whether she is being quarantined;
- whether she is being confined to the SHU

If so, please explain:
- the reason for the quarantine;
- the duration of the quarantine;
- whether she will be given legal calls;
- whether her legal visits are canceled;
- whether her legal materials and possessions have been transferred with her
and in her possession; and
- whether she is permitted to review electronic discovery.

Your immediate response is requested and appreciated.

I can be reached at [REDACTED]
Thank you-
Bobbi

BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ.
Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim
[REDACTED]
New York, NY 10011

Main: [REDACTED]
Cell: [REDACTED]
Fax: [REDACTED]

**Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely.**

Please use email or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

We continue to work regular business hours throughout this situation.

Thank you for your consideration. Our best wishes for your good health and well being.

This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim

that may be confidential and/or privileged.

If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information.

If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you.

EFTA00026461