EFTA00025125

From: " [Redacted"]
To: Sigrid McCawley [Redacted]
Ce: [Redacted]
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation ( [Redacted])
Date: Tue, 03 Mar 2020 22:19:09 +0000

Thanks very much.

From: Sigrid McCawley [Redacted]
Sent: Tuesday, March 3, 2020 5:18 PM
To: [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [red]

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation ( [Redacted])

Yes. We will be there at 2:00 for the interview. Thanks.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL. 33301

[Redacted]
www.bsflp.com

From: [Redacted] [mailto:Redacted]
Sent: Tuesday, March 3, 2020 5:15 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley [Redacted]
Cc: [Redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [redacted]; [red]

Subject: RE: Epstein investigation ( [Redacted])

CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

Hi Sigrid,

Just confirming our meeting tomorrow – does 2 p.m. still work for you?

Thanks very much,

[Redacted]

From: Sigrid McCawley [Redacted]
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 11:49 AM

To: _____________________________________________________________________________________________
Cc: _____________________________________________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation (___________________________)
Very helpful – thanks.

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP
401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33301
www.bsflip.com

From: _____________________________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Tuesday, February 25, 2020 11:43 AM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;___________________________&gt;
Cc: _____________________________________________________________________________________________
Subject: Re: Epstein investigation (___________________________)

CAUTION: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

Sigrid,

That works for us, thanks very much — we'll plan for 2:00 on the 4th.

And the street address is 1 St. Andrews Plaza, though for purposes of using Google Maps, it's often easier to get directions to 5 Centre Street — if you let her know the building is through an archway and just to the left of a very large outdoor red sculpture. And of course she should feel free to calm us if she needs any assistance with directions or transportation.

Thanks,
__________________________.

On Feb 25, 2020, at 09:03, Sigrid McCawley &lt;___________________________&gt; wrote:

Hello _____________________________________________________________________________________________.

I spoke to _____________________________________________________________________________________________ and she and I can meet with you on Wednesday, March 4th at 2:00 p.m. Please confirm that works for your team. Can you also please send me the street address for your building so I can get that to _____________________________________________________________________________________________.

Best,
Sigrid

Sigrid McCawley
Partner
BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP

EFTA00025126

401 E. Las Olas Blvd. Suite 1200
Fort Lauderdale, FL. 33301
www.bsflp.com

From: _________________________________________________________________________
Sent: Monday, February 24, 2020 4:45 PM
To: Sigrid McCawley &lt;_____________________________&gt;
Cc: _________________________________________________________________________
Subject: RE: Epstein investigation (_____________________________)

**CAUTION**: External email. Please do not respond to or click on links/attachments unless you recognize the sender.

Sigrid,

Thank you again for speaking with us this afternoon, we appreciate it. As discussed, we wanted to follow up with you via email about a possible meeting with Ms. ___________—it sounded like it might be convenient to do a meeting next week while you’re in New York, if that would work for her? If so, if you could give us the dates and time ranges that might be possible, we can coordinate on scheduling on our end as well. And of course as always we’re happy to address any questions that you or she might have in advance.

thanks very much,

S. _________________________________________________________________________
Assistant U.S. Attorney
Southern District of New York

The information contained in this electronic message is confidential information intended only for the use of the named recipient(s) and may contain information that, among other protections, is the subject of attorney-client privilege, attorney work product or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this electronic message is not the named recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the named recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, copying or other use of this communication is strictly prohibited and no privilege is waived. If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this electronic message and then deleting this electronic message from your computer. [v.1 08201831BSF]

EFTA00025127