From: " " " " " &gt;

To: Paul Cassell &lt;

Ce: Stan Pottinger &lt;, Brad Edwards &lt;, "Brittany Henderson" &lt;, " " " " " &gt;

Subject: RE: Victims asserting right to reasonable protection and other rights

Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2019 01:16:47 +0000

Importance: Normal

Paul,

Thank you very much for being in touch, and I write to confirm receipt of your email and to acknowledge your clients' right to be heard in connection with certain public proceedings in the district court, including proceedings involving release, pursuant to the Crime Victims' Rights Act, specifically 18 U.S.C. 3771(a)(4).

We will convey to the Court your clients' concerns and views, including in particular with respect to their interests in reasonable protection and fair treatment, and we very much appreciate you communicating with us consistent with the rights of your clients.

thank you again,

---Original Message---

From: Paul Cassell &lt;

Sent: Wednesday, July 10, 2019 18:12

To: " " " " " &gt;

Cc: Stan Pottinger &lt;, Brad Edwards &lt;, Brittany Henderson &lt;, "Brittany Henderson" &lt;, " " " " " &gt;

Subject: RE: Victims asserting right to reasonable protection and other rights

Hi ,

Along with Mr. Pottinger (admitted in the Southern District of New York) and Mr. Edwards (admitted in Florida), I represent various victims of federal sex crimes committed by Jeffrey Epstein. It is my understanding that you will be speaking to the court shortly about conditions of his release. My clients request that he be detained, as otherwise they will be fearful for their safety. They believe that his continued detention is necessary under the CVRA's right to "reasonable protection." They request that you communicate that concern to the judge in whatever way you think best, as part of their CVRA right to be heard on a defendant's release.

My clients are also concerned that Epstein might try to create some sort of "private jail" to secure his release. My clients believe that this would violate their CVRA right to be treated with fairness and to be free from harassment and abuse. It is unfair to victims of a wealthy defendant, like Epstein, if he is given great freedoms than others would in similar circumstances.

Thank you in advance for communicating these concerns to the judge. My clients very much appreciate your efforts to bring Epstein to justice.

Paul Cassell for Jane Does

EFTA00026678

Paul G. Cassell
Ronald N. Boyce Presidential Professor of Criminal Law and University Distinguished Professor of Law S.J. Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah

(phone)  (fax)  You can access my publications on http://ssrn.com/author=30160

CONFIDENTIAL: This electronic message - along with any/all attachments - is confidential. This message is intended only for the use of the addressee. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not use, disseminate, distribute or copy this communication. If you have received this message in error, please immediately notify the sender by reply electronic mail and delete the original message. Professor Cassell is admitted to the Utah State Bar, but not the bars of other states. Any views he expresses in this email are his own.D

EFTA00026679