EFTA00025524

From: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: the week ahead
Date: Fri, 18 Sep 2020 13:53:49 +0000

Also, while you're obviously recused from the merits, the Cops argument is Monday morning at 10, which will be a big test of Silver. [REDACTED] is doing the argument, panel is Walker, Carney and Park.

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, September 18, 2020 9:13 AM
To: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Cc: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Subject: RE: the week ahead

Hi [REDACTED].

Another relatively quiet week for the PCU.

- NYCHA. On Monday we have the NYCHA meeting with the Brass. The team circulated the relevant materials by email earlier this week.
- Robert Adams Arrest. At some point next week we expect to arrest Robert Adams, a guard at MCC who we indicted yesterday with bribery in connection with an incident last year when he caught a woman smuggling in contraband, and told her she wouldn't get in trouble if she went to a motel and had sex with him, which she did. The FBI is working on the details and exact timing of the arrest; we are exploring whether an arrest at MCC or a voluntary surrender would be appropriate. (If the name sounds familiar, Adams was working in the SAMS unit the night of Epstein's suicide, and we interviewed him and got him appointed counsel in connection with that investigation; this charge spun out of that). We plan to do a press release.

Have a nice weekend!

From: (USANYS) &lt; &gt;
Sent: Friday, September 18, 2020 8:52 AM
To: [REDACTED]

Subject: the week ahead

Happy National Cheeseburger Day! Enjoy lunch (breakfast?), and then please promptly turn your attention to letting me know what's happening in your unit next week.

Thanks as always.

P.S. If you are looking ahead to tomorrow (and who isn't), you should know that it is International Talk Like a Pirate Day. Aargh!

Chief, Criminal Division
United States Attorney's Office, SDNY

EFTA00025525