Jeffrey Epstein
457 Madison Avenue
New York, NY 10022

Vicky Ward
Vanity Fair
4 Times Square
New York, NY 10036

Dear Ms. Ward,

Thank you for your letter of December 19th further documenting your reporting style. First with respect to my house. If you recall you asked me on numerous occasions, whether I had purchased #9 outright. You followed up with a similar question to Mr. on at least 2 occasions, I have told you repeatedly that, yes, in fact I did purchase it outright and you tirelessly repeated “then why were there no transfer taxes paid?” I explained in writing that transfer taxes are in most instances not made public. After sending you documentation on #9’s transfer taxes, you then continued on #11. Also in writing, I told Graydon that I never owned #11. Add that to the fact that Graydon has told me that #11 is not part of the story and once again, like a Gospel choir, you chant: “but what about the transfer taxes?” Enclosed please find a copy of the transfer taxes paid, given to you off the record, confirming that I was only a trustee and once again requiring me to spend more time on questions whose relevance you have yet to describe.

In regard your question in your latest letter regarding refuting the claims of . Why don't you detail those claims to me so that I and the State Trooper can respond to any factual claims? I hope the copy of this letter, also given to you off the record, will be given to Vanity Fair's lawyers, who should at last understand there is cause for concern. I think you will agree that the only quote "claim" that you describe to me was that had felt "uncomfortable" and asked her father to immediately come and get her. Are you now asking me to refute how " felt"? A typical tabloid-like question. Or are you asking me whether she left? You certainly did not ask me who paid for her move or when or how

EFTA00026788

did she leave. (I paid.) The facts and circumstances surrounding behavior, attitude and actions which include hundreds of dollars of unauthorized country club charges for massages, misrepresentations and erratic outbursts are easily verified by the former State Trooper, a highly reputable source, who lived on the property the entire time was in residence. The trooper is a witness to what occurred during his stay in Ohio. He could testify to what he saw, but certainly cannot testify to what she felt. You have, at least until today, made no attempt whatsoever to contact this person that I made known to Graydon in writing, who will attest to these incidents and more. I can only believe the reason you have not is that knowing his version would contradict your article. In addition, you have already seen the letter sent after she left Ohio suggesting the idea of repaying her theft with paintings. Please find printouts of my message sheet from July 1996. Specifically it refers to message confirming massage at the country club and the fact that she did not immediately leave Ohio. You will also find country club bills detailing her financial misdeeds. With respect to , you will recall that you specifically told me that there had been no allegations with respect . I was shocked then, to say the least, when the fact checker then faxed Ghislaine with the allegations regarding , in a fax dated only last Friday. You must admit that you had made no mention of this at any previous time. I have already sent documentation from comprising a postcard written from Thailand after her ranch visit confirming her hardly disturbed attitude. Enclosed please find additional correspondence from and who helped her research student programs after her ranch visit. These are also given to you off the record.

I would like to point out to you that your statement the quotes were read to me in context, could be best exemplified by your question, "have you ever upgraded your friends to first class and why?" The context as you put it was only made clear when Erin Gladney faxed me the question: "we are also wondering if at any time you put upgrade stickers on airline tickets for any employees or friends of yours, if so can you explain how they work". Not exactly a quote read to me in context is it? If you truly believe that my quotes were read to me in context, I see no reason why you would not now send them to me in writing.

Please pay me the minimum courtesy and deny to me in writing the fact, or as you wrote it, the allegation contained in my letter to Graydon, the fact that on numerous occasions you have tirelessly repeated the sentence: "I am only a journalist hired by my editor to do a story and then required to publish what I hear". I am sure you now understand that this sentence

EFTA00026789

denigrates both you, your magazine and your profession. So if you did not on numerous occasions repeat this sentence to me I will accept your denial in writing.

Last, is the sentence in your letter that illustrates the lack of care and inattention to detail that you have so consistently portrayed. I know you can do better. You state that you “have simply been investigating these matters with people with knowledgeable sources”. I am unqualified to comment on the sentence’s grammar, but can only assume this will in future allow you to fall back on the idea that the inaccuracies and negligence weren’t yours, they weren’t even your sources, they could only be attributable to the lack of care of the so called people whose own sources must have misled them. For the record, I would also suggest to you that you repeatedly gave me inaccurate accounts of your deadline to, I believe, give me the false impression that time did not allow me to adequately research and respond.

Sincerely,

Jeffrey Epstein

P.S. In one of your last calls you referred to Michael Stroll as one of my clients. This was never true.

Reminder, this letter with its enclosures are all given to you off the record as it’s sole purpose is to correct inaccuracies in your story.

Dictated but not read
Enclosure: 7 pages

EFTA00026790

On the basis of what I provided you off the record, you now understand that [REDACTED] alleged feelings of uncomfortablness grew out of her own financial misdeeds. It is impossible to accurately tell this story without including these financial facts that would be deeply embarrassing to [REDACTED]. However if you choose to include this highly subjective and undocumented material relating to her feelings you would have an obligation to tell the whole story including her financial misdeeds based on her own admissions, so long as you can do so without attributing the documents to me

EFTA00026791

EFTA00026792