Suicide Timeline re: Epstein, Jeffrey Edward, Reg. No. 73618-054

Friday, August 9, 2019

8:00 am inmate [redacted] departs for court (WAB-USMS-SDNY). [redacted] is Epstein’s cellmate.

8:30 am inmate Epstein arrives in Attorney Conference. He is visited by several attorneys throughout the day.

6:45 pm inmate Epstein departs attorney conference and returns to SHU

7:00 pm inmate Epstein provided a social call by IDO. IDO reports inmate Epstein was in good spirits, nothing unusual.

***Inmate [redacted] is released from court and does not return to the institution.

Saturday, August 10, 2019

6:33 am body alarm activated in SHU. Staff found inmate Epstein unresponsive in cell. Staff reported to bedside of inmate and attempted to wake him. Control announced medical emergency. CPR initiated

6:35 am medical staff (on duty PA) on site, CPR already in progress medical staff continues CPR and AED applied on inmate. Control called for ambulance

6:40 am [redacted], AW notified

6:45 am EMS arrives, paramedics continue CPR. Inmate Epstein remains unresponsive. Inmate Epstein is intubated, given three rounds of Epinephrine, IV access started, IO initiated. No pulse found, no shock advised, inmate prepared for transport to local hospital.

7:10 am EMS departs institution enroute to Beekman Hospital.

7:30 am [redacted], Warden arrives at institution. [redacted], AW notified

7:36 am official time of death reported by ER physician

7:20 am SIS Lt notified.

8:00 am [redacted] and Captain arrive at institution

8:10 am SIS Lt arrives at institution

8:10 am CMC and SCSS notified

8:34 am FBI notified

9:00 am AUSA notified

9:00 am C. [redacted] arrives at institution

9:00 am SIS Lt reports to SHU. Interviews will be conducted with inmates assigned to tier.

9:15 am CMC arrives at institution

9:50 am SCSS arrives at institution

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00011177

EFTA00034505

9:55 am CMC and IDO depart institution enroute to Beekman Hospital

10:00 am CMC and IDO arrive at Beekman Hospital. Fingerprints and photographs taken of inmate Epstein. Inmate clothing secured and brought back to institution.

10:00 am Judge Berman notified

10:15 am CMC return to institution

11:00 am next of kin (brother) notified by Case Management Coordinator

11:12 am press release is released to media

11:15 am press release provided to Judge Berman

11:15 am CST activated

12:15 pm body release to Medical Examiner (ME) for autopsy

12:19 FBI arrives

3:10 pm OIG arrives and escorted to the Special Housing Unit.

3:35 pm Referral for alleged misconduct sent to OIA, RD, and General Counsel

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00011178

EFTA00034506