Suicide Timeline:

re: Epstein, Jeffrey Edward, Reg. No. 73618-054

Friday, August 9, 2019

8:00 am inmate Reyes Efrain, Reg. No. 85993-054 departs for court (WAB-USMS-SDNY). Reyes is Epstein's cellmate.
8:30 am inmate Epstein arrives in Attorney Conference. He is visited by several attorneys throughout the day.
6:45 pm inmate Epstein departs attorney conference and returns to SHU
7:00 pm inmate Epstein provided a social call by IDO. IDO reports inmate Epstein was in good spirits, nothing unusual.
7:32 am PIO notified of incident by the Warden
***Inmate Reyes is released from court and does not return to the institution.

Saturday, August 10, 2019

6:33 am body alarm activated in SHU. Staff found inmate Epstein unresponsive in cell. Staff reported to bedside of inmate and attempted to wake him. Control announced medical emergency. CPR initiated
6:35 am medical staff (on duty PA) on site, CPR already in progress medical staff continues CPR and AED applied on inmate. Control called for ambulance
6:40 am , AW notified
6:45 am EMS arrives, paramedics continue CPR. Inmate Epstein remains unresponsive. Inmate Epstein is intubated, given three rounds of Epinephrine, IV access started, IO initiated. No pulse found, no shock advised, inmate prepared for transport to local hospital.
7:10 am EMS departs institution enroute to Beekman Hospital.
7:19 am USMS notified of incident.
7:20 am SIS Lt notified.
7:30 am , Warden arrives at institution. , AW notified.
7:36 am official time of death reported by ER physician.
7:40 am Acting Chief Psychologist notified.
8:00 am and Captain arrive at institution.
8:10 am SIS Lt arrives at institution.
8:10 am CMC and SCSS notified.
8:34 am FBI notified.

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00010812

EFTA00034367

9:00 am AUSA notified.
9:00 am arrives at institution.

Cont. Saturday, August 10, 2019

9:00 am SIS Lt. reports to SHU. Interviews will be conducted with inmates assigned to tier.
9:15 am CMC arrives at institution.
9:30 am Acting Chief Psychologist arrived to the institution.
9:50 am SCSS arrives at institution.
9:55 am CMC and IDO depart institution enroute to Beekman Hospital.
10:00 am CMC and IDO arrive at Beekman Hospital, fingerprints and photographs taken of inmate Epstein. Inmate clothing secured and brought back to institution.
10:00 am Judge Berman notified.
10:15 am CMC return to institution.
10:45 am PIO arrived to the institution.
11:00 am next of kin (brother) notified by Case Management Coordinator.
11:12 am press release is released to media.
11:15 am press release provided to Judge Berman.
11:15 am CST activated.
12:15 pm body release to Medical Examiner (ME) for autopsy
12:19 pm FBI arrives.
1:35 pm FBI arrives in Special Housing Unit.
1:40 pm OIG notified by the Warden and they will be sending an Agent to NYM.
2:15 pm CST debrief conducted.
2:45 pm OIG arrived in Special Housing Unit (SHU).
3:45 pm OIG and FBI departed from SHU.
5:05 pm OIG/FBI departed MCC New York.
5:30 pm CST departed MCC New York.
10:15 pm Computer Services Manager arrives at institution to remove hard drives (Computers) from SHU. And replaced with new ones.

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00010813
EFTA00034368

Sunday, August 11, 2019

12:15 am Computer Services Manager departs the institution.
10:40 am OIG Agent [redacted] and [redacted] arrives at institution.
11:15 am OIG Agent [redacted], departs institution with two computers FPS 021407270 and FPS 0214207268.
2:00 pm OIG [redacted] departs the institution.

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00010814
EFTA00034369