LIMITED OFFICIAL USE

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | Boston Area Office  |

Receipt of Information from [REDACTED], Facility Manager, Federal Bureau of Prisons

On October 1, 2021, through March 10, 2022, Assistant Special Agent in [REDACTED], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), received the attached emails from Facility Manager [REDACTED] Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC), New York, New York. [REDACTED] was interviewed by the OIG on August 4, 2021, in reference to an official OIG investigation into the events surrounding the death of BOP inmate Jeffrey Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed within the MCC New York. [REDACTED] was the Facility Manager at the MCC New York when Epstein was housed within the MCC New York. The emails received from [REDACTED] were in reference to the topics discussed during [REDACTED] interview, and are in specific reference to the MCC New York camera system. The interview of [REDACTED] is documented within a separate Memorandum of Investigation.

# Attachments:

1. Email from [REDACTED] dated October 1, 2021, regarding [REDACTED] officially transferring to the MCC New York in May 2019.
2. Email from [REDACTED] dated October 5, 2021, regarding a new camera system that arrived at the MCC New York around October 14, 2018, which was installed during the week of August 16, 2019.
3. Email from [REDACTED] dated October 5, 2021, regarding an MCC New York camera project that began on March 17, 2019.
4. Email from [REDACTED] dated October 27, 2021, regarding a synopsis of a camera project at the MCC New York.
a. Camera Project Synopsis attached to the email from [REDACTED] dated October 27, 2021.
5. Email from [REDACTED] dated November 3, 2021, regarding no anticipated completion date of an MCC New York camera project prior to August 10, 2019.
6. Emails from [REDACTED] dated March 10, 2022, regarding a timeline as to when [REDACTED] served as the Facility Manager at the MCC New York.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [REDACTED] | Assistant Special Agent in Charge | [REDACTED] | Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (04/15/2022) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

LIMITED OFFICIAL USE

EFTA00035806