EFT A00035637

From: " " &lt; &gt;
To: " " &lt; &gt;
Subject: Re: Fwd: Jeffrey EPSTEIN
Date: Thu, 25 Jul 2019 11:47:21 +0000
Importance: Normal

I am going to talk with her.

Associate Warden
MCC New York

New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/25/2019 7:44 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Please see the message from  below that of the AUSA. It looks accurate, but she inadvertently wrote "EPSTEIN'S cell mate reported threatened to kill him..." It should have been "reportedly" or, more accurately 'EPSTEIN reported his cellmate previously threatened to kill him."

&gt;&gt;&gt; " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt; 7/24/2019 10:42 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

We just received the below from USMS. Is the detail about the noose accurate? Do you have any additional information or reports you can provide?

Thanks.

Begin forwarded message:

From: " (USMS)" &lt; &gt;
Date: July 24, 2019 at 9:35:05 PM EDT
To: " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;, " (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;,
" (USANYS)" &lt; &gt;

Subject: Jeffrey EPSTEIN

All,

Please be advised that we received the following report from the Bureau of Prisons MCC New York at 2115 hours on this date:

Associate Warden (AW) at MCC New York advised that Jeffrey EPSTEIN was found in his cell this morning at 0127 hours in a fetal position with a noose around his neck. EPSTEIN was escorted to medical and was assessed. EPSTEIN was initially placed on suicide watch and subsequently downgraded to suicide observation, where he currently remains. Additionally, AW advised that EPSTEIN's cell mate reported threatened to kill him. No further information was provided.

The above incident is currently under investigation with the BOP.

Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal
Southern District of New York

EFTA00035638