UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
M E M O R A N D U M
METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL CENTER
New York, NY 10007

August 12, 2019

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: [REDACTED], M/W Operations Lieutenant
SUBJECT: Daily Activity Report

TO: L. N'Diaye, Warden
[REDACTED], Associate Warden (O)
[REDACTED], Associate Warden (P)
[REDACTED], Executive Assistant
[REDACTED], Captain
Lieutenants
Departments Heads

Daily Activity as communicated or documented by the Operations Lieutenant for Sunday, August 11, 2019, was received and/or reviewed. The following information was noted:

**Morning Watch Shift**
Lt. [REDACTED] reported I/M [REDACTED] to special housing from 11S, pending investigation.

**Day Watch Shift:**
Lt. [REDACTED] reported nothing significant to report on the Day Watch shift.

**Evening Watch Shift:**
Lt. [REDACTED] reported nothing significant to report on the Evening Watch shift.

**INMATES IN OUTSIDE HOSPITAL/SUICIDE WATCH/FURLOUGH/DRY CELL:**
I/M [REDACTED] on Psych Obs. w/inmate companion.

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00010799
EFTA00034359

I/M on Psych Obs w/inmate companion.

NEW ADMISSIONS TO MCC NEW YORK:

RELEASED FROM MCC NEW YORK:
None

ADMISSIONS TO THE SPECIAL HOUSING UNIT:

TOTAL NUMBER OF CELLS IN SHU THAT ARE PRESENTLY TRIPLE BUNKED:
None

MISSING FIRE AND SECURITY REPORT:
Attorney Conference
Psychology
Health Services
Food Service
Attorney Conference

MISSING EQUIPMENT INVENTORY FORM:
Attorney Conference

THE FOLLOWING LEAVE WAS USED:

ANNUAL LEAVE: 5
SICK LEAVE: 10
OFFICIAL TIME: 0
MILITARY LEAVE: 0
FFLA: 0
FMLA: 0
COP: 2
AWOL: 2
COMP TIME: 0
TRAINING: 0
TRAVEL: 0
TOA: 0
EAL: 0

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00010800
EFTA00034360

LWOP (M): 1
ADMIN LEAVE: 0

LWOP: 0
THE FOLLOWING OVERTIMES WERE HIRED:

E-1 OVERTIME:
Number of staff = 25
Hours = 179.3

E-1 COMPTIME:
Number of staff = 2
Hours = 13.00

60-Q OVERTIME (USM MEDICAL):
Number of Staff = 0
Hours = 00.00

B-2 OVERTIME:
Number of Staff = 0
Hours = 00.00

O9D OVERTIME (SPECIAL):
Number of Staff = 0
Hours = 00.00

XXX OVERTIME (AIRLIFT):
Number of Staff = 0
Hours = 00.00

87S OVERTIME (TREATY TRANS):
Number of Staff = 0
Hours = 00.00

INSTITUTION TOTALS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE MORNING WATCH SHIFT:

06-22-2019 / 12:01 AM
UNIT B-A: 26
UNIT E-N: 83
UNIT E-S: 79
UNIT G-N: 78
UNIT G-S: 87
UNIT H-A: 02
UNIT I-N: 86
UNIT K-N: 89
UNIT K-S: 136
UNIT Z-A: 75
UNIT Z-B: 05
TOTAL: 756

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00010801
EFTA00034361