EFTA00036099

MEMORANDUM FOR

FROM:

SUBJECT: Retention, Recruitment, and Relocation Incentive Requests for MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York

A group retention incentive of 10% and recruitment and relocation incentive of 25% is being requested for MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York.

The use of incentives assists the Bureau of Prisons (BOP) in retaining highly qualified and experienced staff who routinely consider leaving the agency and for attracting highly qualified applicants.

Hiring activity reports for all positions advertised for MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York between Fiscal Years 2016-2018 document the following:

- Fiscal Year 2016, 229 applicants were referred by CSU to fill 85 positions. Only 69 were selected for positions.
- Fiscal Year 2017, 47 applicants were referred by CSU to fill 40 positions. Only 12 were selected for positions.
- Fiscal Year 2018, 82 applicants were referred by CSU to fill 75 positions. Only 12 were selected for positions.

- The remaining applicants referred for each period listed above either failed pre-employment testing or exceeded hiring guidelines.

MDC Brooklyn's and MCC New York's staffing levels are among the lowest in the agency. Currently, their vacancy rate is 12.12% and 15.5% respectively. This is a 7% increase from the previous year. MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York continue to experience difficulty retaining and recruiting qualified employees. Since 2017, MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York lost 43 and 30 positions respectively. Responses compiled through the Exit Survey supports reasons for why staff are electing to leave this location: urban location of the institutions and lack of competitive salary compared to other law enforcement agencies in New York City. Additionally, FCI Otisville, located 62 miles from MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York, offers the same salary despite being a lower security institution in a rural setting.

Since 2016, MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York has extended retention incentives to health services staff occupying hard-to-fill medical positions and lieutenants, which resulted in the successful recruitment and retention of staff in those occupations. If this retention request of 10% for all eligible employees and recruitment/relocation request of 25% is approved, it may deter current employees from leaving MDC Brooklyn and MCC New York and may assist with attracting other employees to these facilities.

REQUEST APPROVED: _________________________ REQUEST DENIED: _________________________

Date

EFTA00036100