From: _______________________________&gt;
To: _______________________________&gt;
Cc: _______________________________&gt;

Subject: Fwd: Re: Epstein
Date: Thu, 25 Jul 2019 19:19:19 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: TEXT.htm; EPphotos.pdf; EP.staffmemos.pdf

Pursuant to the below, I sent the attached to the USAO. It is not the entirety of the file, but contains the memorandums and photos requested.

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007
p: _______________________________
f: _______________________________

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/25/2019 3:05 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I concur with sharing the material with USAO SDNY Criminal Division, with the understanding that the material will not be disseminated further without our knowledge and approval.

Regional Counsel
United States Department of Justice | Federal Bureau of Prisons
Northeast Regional Office
Philadelphia, PA 19106

Work: _______________________________
Mobile: _______________________________
Facsimile: _______________________________

This is a transmission from the U.S. Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Prisons, and may contain information which is privileged, confidential, and protected by the attorney-client or attorney work product privileges. If you are not the addressee, note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please destroy it and notify me immediately at my telephone number _______________________________.

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/25/2019 2:14 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

EFTA00035387

Below please find a request by the USAO SDNY Criminal Division for documents and photographs related to the investigation into the July 23, 2019 incident involving EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054. They understand the investigation is still open and, thus, not to disseminate it further. Please advise if you concur in the release of the documentation/photographs.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007
p:
f:
&gt;&gt;&gt; " (USANYS)" &lt; 7/25/2019 2:08 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thanks. Please consider this email my request for any and all documents and other materials, including photographs, related to the investigation regarding the incident involving Jeffrey Epstein earlier this week.

On Jul 25, 2019, at 1:49 PM, &gt; wrote:

Hi

I left you a voicemail, but wanted to follow up via email as well.

Our Regional Office reminded me that we need a written request from your office to produce the documents you seek. It does not have to be a subpoena. An email from you requesting the investigation documentation will suffice.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007
p:
f:

EFTA00035388