EFTA00035431

From:
To:
Cc: " &gt;
Subject: Re: Here is the draft press release that I'll email to &amp; momentarily from my Samsung assuming it refreshes quickly
Date: Sat, 10 Aug 2019 13:02:34 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: TEXT.htm

https://abc13.com/sources-jeffrey-epstein-dies-by-suicide-in-manhattan-jail/5457853/

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

--- Original message ---
From:
Date: 8/10/19 8:58 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Cc: , "
Subject: Fwd: Here is the draft press release that I'll email to &amp; momentarily from my Samsung assuming it refreshes quickly

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 08/10/2019 08:58 &gt;&gt;&gt;

I am working with IPPA to finalize the press release (1st draft attached). Can you please give me answers to the below:

(1) Has Epstein's next of kin been notified?
(2) Did staff initiate life-saving measures when they first found Epstein at approximately 6:30 am in his cell?
(3) Did EMS or some sort of hospital staff come out to the institution, and if so, did they initiate life-saving measures at the institution? And did EMS drive Epstein to the hospital or did BOP drive him to the hospital?
(4) Was Epstein pronounced dead by EMS (transporting folks) or instead hospital staff at 7:30 am at the hospital?
(5) Was the FBI notified? Is it being investigated as a suicide?
(6) What date did he first arrive at MCC NY on his PP37?
(7) What are his specific offense titles for which he is indicted? I believe generally the news calls it sex trafficking, but we should be as specifically accurate based on Sentry (or the court order if we have it).

Thanks,