Good morning,

I don't know why the Chaplain didn't button these two inmates up.

Associate Warden
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007
Office:
Black Berry:

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/21/2019 3:57 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

1. Although having a religious preference of "UNKNOWN," inmate Johnson, Jermaine (86461-054 - 9N) came on the Jumah move and made an ALL EYES ON ME grand entrance into 5N, shouting and waving his arms and hands as he walked to the Chapel, trash-talking with the inmates secured on multiple 5N tiers, getting many inmates worked-up &amp; causing a lot of noise in the unit. I told him his behavior was unacceptable and that I expected him to leave in a calm &amp; quiet manner when the service was over. Then, in the middle of the Muslim sermon, inmate Torres, Joshua (86521-054 - 5N) came up to the secure Chapel door and proceeded to engage in a non-verbal conversation through the door window with Johnson while he was seated in a chair for the Muslim service, and Johnson was more than willing to engage in the charade-based conversation. As I approached the door, inmate Torres went to an unknown tier/cell. I then stood near the door and a few minutes later, inmate Torres came half-way up the stairs to the Chapel trying to communicate with Johnson again. I addressed the matter with them both. Torres respectfully apologized but Johnson just ran his legendary mouth, hence his 30 day restriction from chapel services.

2. The RAC Ms. notified me on Thursday, July 18 that the Saturday volunteers ( ) were not able to come in until they completed their training on July 29. I notified them via telephone so they would not make the trip to the institution. confirmed that he plans on attending the training on July 29, and his wife is trying to make arrangements to get off work to do the same. Also, I delivered memos to each housing unit and had Control announce the cancellation of the Saturday service.

3. After I delivered the sign-up sheets to all the units for the English Christian service on Sunday and after the 10am count cleared, 5N Officer notified me that he received a drop note about a gang fight planned during the church service that day (see attached). He notified the Lts., and the Lts. notified me that they felt it best to cancel the service. I immediately notified volunteer , who confirmed he would be able to come on his next scheduled Sunday to provide the Christian service on Aug. 4. I also had control announce the cancellation of the Sunday service.

4. I added inmate Epstein to the CFSA roster, and interviewed inmate Encarnacion, adding him to the roster as well.

5. I escorted the Rabbi on Sunday to all units with active Jewish inmates, including 11S which was locked down.

Supervisory Chaplain
FCI Ray Brook
128 Ray Brook Rd.
Ray Brook, NY 12977

SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
The information contained in this electronic message and any and all accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, copying, distribution, or the taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return to us.

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00012516
EFTA00034822