DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | New York Field Office  |

Interview of [REDACTED], Captain, Federal Bureau of Prisons

On October 27, 2021, Special Agent [REDACTED] and Assistant Special Agent in Charge [REDACTED], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), conducted a voluntary interview of [REDACTED], Captain, Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Fort Dix, New Jersey, at the OIG's New York Field Office. The interview was conducted in reference to an official OIG investigation surrounding the death of BOP inmate Jeffrey Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC), New York. [REDACTED] was employed as the Administrative Lieutenant at MCC New York and was responsible to ensure the MCC New York correctional officers received their training, when Epstein was housed within the MCC New York in July and August 2019. The interview was recorded, and the recording has been transcribed. The interview transcript and documents discussed with [REDACTED] during the interview are attached to this report. The audio recorded interview has been saved separately to the case file due to its large file size.

## Attachments:

1. Transcribed interview of the recorded interview of [REDACTED] conducted on October 27, 2021.
2. OIG Warnings and Assurances Form signed by [REDACTED] dated October 27, 2021.
3. MCC Special Housing Unit (SHU) Third Quarter Training Sign-in Sheet.
4. MCC SHU Suicide Prevention Training Slides Condensed.
5. MCC SHU Unit Management Suicide Prevention Training PowerPoint Slides.
6. MCC SHU Suicide Prevention Training Sign-in Sheets.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  REDACTED | Special Agent | REDACTED | Assistant Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00035802