DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

April 10, 2023

Memorandum For:
U.S. Attorney
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York

From:
Deputy Assistant Inspector General
Investigations Division
Office of Inspector General

Subject:
Office of Inspector General's Draft Report entitled Investigation and Review of the Federal Bureau of Prisons' Custody, Care, and Supervision of Jeffrey Epstein at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York, New York

Attached to this memorandum is the Office of the Inspector General's draft report entitled Investigation and Review of the Federal Bureau of Prisons' Custody, Care, and Supervision of Jeffrey Epstein at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York, New York, which we plan to release publicly.

We are providing this draft report to enable the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York (SDNY) to conduct a factual accuracy and sensitivity review. If SDNY believes that any information in the draft report would be inappropriate for public release, please mark the information and indicate the reason SDNY believes it should not be released. Please provide us the results of your factual accuracy and sensitivity review as soon as possible, but no later than Monday, April 17, 2023. We can accept such comments informally and on a rolling basis.

Because this is a draft report, it should not be disseminated to or discussed with anyone other than those SDNY employees who need to review the draft report for factual accuracy or sensitivity purposes. In this regard, we request that your office maintain a log of who has been provided access to the draft report and when. We also request that your office emphasize to those reviewing the draft report or its contents the prohibition on further dissemination and discussion of the draft report with anyone other than SDNY employees, as necessary for the purposes of assessing factual accuracy or sensitivity or preparation of SDNY's formal response.

If you have any questions about this memorandum or the draft report, please contact me or Senior Counsel to the Inspector General. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.

cc:
Associate Deputy Attorney General

EFTA00036014