Thanks.

Associate Warden
MCC New York
New York, New York 10007
Office: [Redacted]

&gt;&gt;&gt; NYM/InmateToPsychiatrist 8/15/2019 10:58 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hey AW, if you look below I have bolded and increased the size of my response

&gt;&gt;&gt; [Redacted] 8/14/2019 4:14 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
How did you respond?

Associate Warden
MCC New York
New York, New York 10007
Office: [Redacted]

&gt;&gt;&gt; NYM/InmateToPsychiatrist 8/14/2019 2:01 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
fyi

&gt;&gt;&gt; ~^!" [Redacted] &gt; 8/14/2019 11:32 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
To: OAKAFORD
Inmate Work Assignment: PLUMBING

***ATTENTION***

Please cut and paste the message indicator below into the subject line; only this indicator can be in the subject line.
b45cf89c-8580-4ec9-91a2-aaabdb84914d
Your response must come from the departmental mail box. Responses from personal mailboxes WILL NOT be delivered to the inmate.

***Inmate Message Below***

That's one thing you are good at...excuses not to do your job, I'm praying you're invovled with epsteins neglect and you get fired.
---Psychiatrist on 8/13/2019 2:32 PM wrote:

&gt; Per [Redacted], you have been non compliant with your medication although repeatedly educated about the importance of medication compliance by members of the health services

EFTA00035663

department whom dispense the medication. For the any medication to be efficacious you must take it on a daily basis. As is following your case, please reach out to medical through sick call with any further issues. Good Day.

&gt;&gt;&gt; ~^!" 8/13/2019 10:46 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

To: OAKAFORD

Inmate Work Assignment: PLUMBING

I KEEP TELLING YOU PEOPLE THAT THE MEDICATION YOU GIVE ME DOESN'T WORK, THAT IT GIVES ME MIGRAINES AND MAKES MY MOUTH TASTE LIKE METAL. YOU KEEP TELLING WHAT TO GIVE ME, WHAT I WANT TO KNOW IS HOW YOU DECIDE WHAT I TAKE IF YOU DON'T SEE ME AND YOU DON'T TALK TO ME, YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IM GOING THROUGH BUT YOU DECIDE WHAT MEDICINE I GET, I HOPE YOU ARE INVOLVED WITH THE NEGLIGENCE OF EPSTEIN AND I HOPE YOU ARE ONE OF THE PEOPLE FIRED YOU DESERVE IT, I DON'T SEE HOW YOU EVEN HAVE THE NERVE TO CALL YOURSELF A DOCTOR.

EFTA00035664