From:
To:
Subject: Pwd: Camera Documentation
Date: Thursday, March 10, 2022 3:29:17 PM
Attachments: mime-attachment.png

Just in. Please see below communications. If you will be updating the ROI, this will also be helpful with your section.

Thanks!

Begin forwarded message:

From:
Date: March 10, 2022 at 3:19:38 PM EST
To:
Subject: RE: Camera Documentation

Welcome just to clarify line 3 I was General Foreman as my title, but Acting Facility Manager in MCC NY

&gt;&gt;&gt; " " )" &lt; &gt; 3/10/2022 2:40 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Thank you very much.

From:
Sent: Thursday, March 10, 2022 2:13 PM
To:
Subject: RE: Camera Documentation

Facility Manager

Feb - May I was Acting Facility Manager on and off (was not contestant)

During TDY I was Acting Facility Manager

May 2019 I was officially assigned to MCC New York

I don't recall when stop working at MCC New York, but before I was TDY to MCC New York

&gt;&gt;&gt; " " )" &lt; &gt; 3/10/2022 12:58 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Good afternoon Mr.

I have been asked to obtain the following information with regard to our meeting and communications a few months ago. Can you please provide the following information at your earliest ability?

Is/was your position title "Facility Manager" or "Facilities Manager"?

In your below email, you say that you arrived to the MCC New York as a TDY assignment in February 2019. What was your position title during that assignment?

EFTA00036018

When did you officially become the MCC New York Facility/Facilities Manager?

When did Facility/Facilities Manager [redacted] stop working at the MCC New York? I have been informed that he retired from the BOP in September 2019, but it is my understanding from speaking with you that he stopped working at the MCC New York a long while prior. Can you please confirm when he stopped filling the role as the MCC New York Facilities Manager?

Thank you very much in advance. I hope you are well.

[redacted]

Assistant Special Agent in Charge
U.S. Department of Justice
Office of the Inspector General
New York Field Office/Boston Area Office

[redacted]

From: [redacted] &lt;[redacted]&gt;
Sent: Tuesday, October 5, 2021 12:10 PM
To: [redacted] &lt;[redacted]&gt;
Subject: RE: Camera Documentation

Good Afternoon,

Yes, the camera system was scheduled to start March 17, 2019 and started on schedule. When I arrived TDY February 2019 we, only had one Communication Technician. Therefore, after talking to the regional office, they started a project to assist in funding and labor, so we were able to start the week of March 17, 2019 for the camera system and all other infrastructure throughout the institution.

Below is the email sent to all institutions from [redacted] the Northeast Regional Facilities Administrator.

[redacted]

Facilities Manager

MCC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, NY 10007

[redacted]

SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
The information contained in this electronic message and any and all accompanying documents constitutes sensitive information. This information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, copying, distribution, or taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return to us.

EFTA00036019

&gt;&gt;&gt; 3/8/2019 8:56 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Good Morning,

We are looking for Plumbers, HVAC, Electricians, General Maintenance and Comm Techs to come TDY to MCC New York for 2 week tours, to complete the following tasks:

- Misc plumbing repairs, Showers, toilets, sinks, leaks etc.
- Refrigeration Unit &amp; HVAC repairs, Duct work / Louver Repairs
- General Food Service repairs
- New Camera system installation (Conduit install and Wire Pulls)
- Circulating Motor and Pump Repair
- Repair of leaks in pipe chases throughout the institution
- Installation of water coolers/ Ice Machines throughout the institution
- Hydronic Heating Loop leak Repairs

The staff will be working 12 hour days to make repairs to the above items. Once I get a list of interested staff, a schedule complied.

I would like first crews to arrive at the beginning of the next pay period (March 17th). So to the greatest extent possible, NER and MXR staff first weeks because they are able to drive GOV's. Travel days will be the Sunday before and Saturday after. In order to defray costs as much as possible, hotel arrangements have been made at a location close to the institution that you are able to walk to and from and of course staff will be receiving per diem. Parking will be provided at a location close to the institution. Please reply to this email if you have any interested staff and the dates they are available that by leaving your institutions will not create a hardship for your daily operation.

All expenses will be paid from Special Project #FMIS Project Request - 79F New York Repairs. **Because this is a MCC there are a very limited number of inmates that can assist, therefore the work will be accomplished by staff only.**

Thank you in advance and if there are further questions, please contact me or [REDACTED] Facilities Management Specialist at [REDACTED] or [REDACTED]

Mike

[REDACTED] Facilities Administrator

Northeast Regional Office

U.S Customs House

2nd &amp; Chestnut Street, 7th Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19106

[REDACTED] - Office

EFTA00036020

- Work Cell

&gt;&gt;&gt; * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Good morning

Thank you very much. Per our telephone conversation, was the camera system that was already on site and installed the week ending August 16, 2019, ever scheduled to be installed prior to August 10, 2019? If so, when was it scheduled to be installed and can you please provide documentation (i.e. emails or other documents) supporting the date(s)? If not, why was it not scheduled to be installed prior to August 10, 2019?

Thanks again for all of your assistance with this matter.

SSA
U.S. Department of Justice
OIG Boston Area Office

*Please note the above phone number change

From: _______________ &lt;____________________ &gt;
Sent: Tuesday, October 5, 2021 7:44 AM
To: _______________ &lt;____________________ &gt;
Subject: RE: Camera Documentation

Good morning Mr. _______________

The documentation that I submitted to you in a previous email was for the purchase of the camera system that was installed August 2019. After speaking to the distributor as per our conversation regarding the camera system, It was also was the same system that was installed the week of August 16, 2019.

Below is the documentation that I received from _______________ Federal Sales Representative from SigNet Technologies.

Facilities Manager
MCC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, NY 10007

SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION
The information contained in this electronic message and any and all accompanying documents constitutes

EFTA00036021

sensitive information. This information is the property of the U.S. Department of Justice. If you are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosures, copying, distribution, or taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return to us.

&gt;&gt;&gt; 10/4/2021 3:48 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I didn't want to leave you hanging so this is what we know so far:

It appears that FedEx must recycle tracking numbers. The order was placed on 9/27/2018 from SigNet to Qognify/Nice and the original PO shows it was shipped directly to the site MCC New York. It shows that it was scheduled to ship on 9/30/2018 from Qognify. We currently don't have the tracking that shows when you exactly received it but best guess is 7 to 14 days which would put it on your dock around October 14th 2018 and it was installed the week of August 16th 2019.

We will continue to try and find the tracking information for when it actually hit your dock. Let me know if you need anything else.

Federal Sales Representative
convergint* federal
Convergint Federal | SigNet Technologies
12300 Kiln Ct Suite E, Beltsville, MD 20705

This e-mail and any attachments to it are intended only for the identified recipients. It may contain proprietary or otherwise legally protected information of SigNet Technologies, Inc d.b.a. Convergint Federal. Any unauthorized use or disclosure of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete or otherwise destroy the e-mail and all attachments immediately.

&gt;&gt;&gt; * 10/1/2021 11:32 AM &gt;&gt;&gt; Good morning Mr.

Regarding the attached pdf which you provided in your below email, can you please confirm that this is the documentation regarding the purchase of the camera system that was on site at the MCC in August 2019, which was installed immediately after the Epstein incident on August 10, 2019? If so, can you please confirm when the new camera system arrived at the MCC and when it was installed?

Thanks very much in advance. I hope you are well.

SSA
U.S. Department of Justice
OIG Boston Area Office

*Please note the above phone number change

EFTA00036022

From: | Sent: Thursday, August 5, 2021 10:55 AM |
| --- |
| To:

|  Subject: Camera Documentation  |
| --- | |

Attached is the documentation you requested.

EFTA00036023