DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | New York Field Office  |

Interview of [REDACTED], Lieutenant, Federal Bureau of Prisons

On September 23, 2021, Special Agent [REDACTED] and Assistant Special Agent in Charge [REDACTED], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), conducted a voluntary interview of [REDACTED], Lieutenant (Lt.), Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC), Special Investigative Services (SIS), New York, at MCC New York. The interview was conducted in reference to an official OIG investigation surrounding the death of BOP inmate Jeffrey Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed at MCC New York. [REDACTED] was the SIS Lieutenant at MCC New York when Epstein was housed at MCC New York. The interview was recorded, and the recording has been transcribed. The interview transcript and documents discussed with [REDACTED] during the interview are attached to this report. The audio recorded interview has been saved separately to the case file due to its large file size.

## Attachments:

1. Transcribed interview of the recorded interview of [REDACTED] conducted on September 23, 2021.
2. OIG Warnings and Assurances Form signed by [REDACTED] on September 23, 2021.
3. MCC Daily Assignment Roster for August 9, 2019.
4. Email dated August 8, 2019, from USMS [REDACTED] to MCC R&amp;D.
5. MCC Special Housing Unit Sign stating Mandatory Epstein Rounds.
6. MCC 10 p.m. Count Document for August 9, 2019.
7. Pictures of Epstein's Cell and Belongings.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [REDACTED] | Special Agent | [REDACTED] | Assistant Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00035804