# Fox News Tucker Carlson Segment
## January 25, 2023

## Summary

**Tucker Carlson:** So you would think as the Attorney General (referring to Bill Barr) his first concern would be finding out what actually happened but instead his first concern was worried that the public might jump to unapproved conclusions about what happened. And in some ways, Bill Barr was right to worry. Many Americans did not believe that Jeffrey Epstein had killed himself given the strange circumstances of his death—stranger than most people understood at the time. It was going to take a sustained public relations campaign to convince Americans that Jeffrey Epstein killed himself, but Bill Barr was willing to make the effort. 2 days later, he flew to New Orleans, gave a speech, and said this:

&gt; I was appalled and indeed the whole Department was, and frankly, angry, to learn of the MCC's failure to adequately secure this prisoner. We are now learning of serious irregularities at this facility that are deeply concerning and demand a thorough investigation. The FBI and the Office of Inspector General are doing just that. We will get to the bottom of what happened, and there will be accountability.

**Tucker Carlson:** 3.5 years after Jeffrey Epstein died, no one has gotten to the bottom of what happened that day and there has been no accountability for it. The only people ever punished for the grotesque malfeasance surrounding Epstein's death were two low-level guards who fell asleep on duty that night. Both pleaded guilty to falsifying government records. But last year, with no real explanation, an Obama-appointed judge dropped all charges against both of them. One of the guards may still work for the federal government. As for getting to the bottom of what happened—despite many promises from many various officials—not to the FBI nor the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General has ever issued a report explaining how Jeffrey Epstein died...not a word. So, once again, 3.5 years after one of the most widely covered deaths of our time, there's still no answers and there's still no accountability. Why is that?

Tucker Carlson quotes from Bill Barr's memoir regarding the medical examiner. Tucker Carlson questions why reporters never questioned Bill Barr's assessment of Epstein's death. Tucker Carlson resumes discussing the initial medical examiner's assessment, and then discusses NYC's chief medical examiner Barbara Sampson's declaration of Epstein's death of suicide. Tucker Carlson then begins discussing Epstein's cell and surrounding inmates, saying BOP wouldn't provide Carlson with the inmate's names on Epstein's tier.

**Tucker Carlson:** This week, we've called virtually every person involved in the story surrounding Epstein's death. With very few exceptions, none of them would speak to us. Some hung up immediately. Others declined all comment. One of them, the DOJ case officer supposedly assigned to investigate Epstein's death, refused even to acknowledge that he worked for the federal government. "I'm not going to confirm or deny that" said Mr. Lyeson Daniel when we reached him on his cell phone. "Why is that?" we asked him. "I'm not going to confirm or deny that" he repeated.

Tucker Carlson then begins discussing Jeffrey Epstein's denial of an alleged suicide attempt on July 23,

EFTA00035791

2019. Carlson also asks wants to know if the cell's on Epstein's tier were locked the entire night he was killed and says a source claims they weren't. He also wants to know who moved Epstein's body, re-dressed Epstein's corpse, and intubated it.

Tucker Carlson: We dutifully called the Department of Justice to ask them to explain some of this, they refused on the grounds that there is quote "an active investigation in progress." But that is a lie. There is no investigation into Jeffrey Epstein's death. We're moving on 4 years now, there has never been an investigation into Jeffrey Epstein's death...the death of an American citizen. We can only speculate as to why that is, but all the explanations are bad and ominous. Maybe someone in the new Republican Congress should look into all of this. Not because Jeffrey Epstein was an American hero, but because for once, it'd be nice to see the federal government forced to tell the truth about something.

EFTA00035792