To:
From:
Sent: Sun 8/4/2019 12:41:32 PM
Subject: Re: Out of the (Captain)
TEXT.htm

No worries about tomorrow. Take care of your business. I knew he didn't tell you because I was receiving calls and they said they tried to reach him and he wouldn't answer. But it's ok. I'll deal with it. Yesterday was a ghost town as well. said it was 13 vacant posts. Please ensure the staff in SHU make the rounds or get assistance with the rounds. Maybe Activities. Not only due to Epstein but one of the reasons. If any non-custody come in, please use them. I'm here if you need me. Thanks.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 8/4/19 8:32 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: Re: Out of the (Captain)

&gt;&gt;&gt; "08/04/2019 08:32 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning Ma'am I was on staff assist all week at Danbury so I had no idea that he designated me this weekend so I'm really sorry about that. I'll help out as soon as I'm done with tomorrow and take care of things on Tuesday so you won't have to worry about anything.

FYI, we are on modified status today. Staff search, Internal, 5 south, 7 south, SHU 3 and 4, are vacated. We are doing attorney visits though but we may have to cancel religious services. Enjoy your Sunday...

&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;8/4/2019 8:25 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning,

No worries. He designated you as the Captain this weekend and I am sure you weren't aware of it. I got all the calls. He's not answering the phone so I'm sure you won't get a response. I will deal with things tomorrow. and both also have a lot going on. We will be fine. Thank you.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00012634
EFTA00034840

--- Original message ---

From: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;
Date: 8/4/19 8:19 AM (GMT-05:00)
To: [Redacted] &lt;[Redacted]&gt;
Subject: Re: Out of the (Captain)

&gt;&gt;&gt; " [Redacted]" 08/04/2019 08:19 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning. I can't act for you tomorrow...I have the roster committee with the union for the quarterly roster. Can either [Redacted] or [Redacted] do it instead?

&gt;&gt;&gt; [Redacted] 8/2/2019 5:15 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Lieutenants
Please be advised that [Redacted] will be acting on my behalf as Captain, in my absence for Monday and Tuesday August 5th and 6th. Should you need my immediate attention please contact me on my black berry.

[Redacted]
Captain
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, NY 10007
Office: [Redacted]
Blackberry [Redacted]

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00012635
EFTA00034841