From: "~!"FAVELA, ~!FELICIANO IV" &lt;

Subject: ***Request to Staff*** FAVELA, FELICIANO, Reg# 60103380, NYM-E-S

Date: Tue, 13 Aug 2019 13:50:42 +0000

Importance: Normal

To: WARDEN

Inmate Work Assignment: PLUMBING

***ATTENTION***

Please cut and paste the message indicator below into the subject line; only this indicator can be in the subject line.

cb3137d9-3170-463f-a3d4-3e6073e1c1e4

Your response must come from the departmental mail box. Responses from personal mailboxes WILL NOT be delivered to the inmate.

***Inmate Message Below***

I'VE BEEN ASKING TO SPEAK TO PSYCH FOR OVER 10 MINUTES AND THE OFFICER IS TOO BUSY TO CALL THEM, OR PSYCH IS TOO BUSY TO SEE ME, THIS IS EVERY TIME FOR THE LAST TWO WEEKS THAT I'VE BEEN ASKING FOR PSYCH. NEGLIGENCE SEEMS TO BE ALL YOUR STAFF KNOWS. I'VE ASKED FOR BP-8'S, BP-9S, BP-10S AND EVERYTHING ELSE I CAN THINK OF I'VE EMAILED YOU AND I DONT KNOW HOW MANY OTHER STAFF MEMBERS AND NOBODY RESPONDS. SO THIS EMAIL IS JUST TO GO ALONG WITH ALL THE OTHERS THAT IM GETTING TOGETHER TO SEND TO THE OIG, DEA, FBI AND ALL THE NEWS OUTLETS I CAN THINK OF. CAN'T GET MEDICAL ATTENTION, DENTAL, CAN'T GET FORMS TO REPORT ANY OF THIS, YOU CAN'T GET HALFWAY PAPERWORK DONE, CAN'T GET ANYTHING BUT THE A.W. BEING A TYRANT ABOUT PEOPLE CLEANING THEIR CELL, SHE SHOULD HAVE CHECKED IF EPSTEINS CELL WAS CLEAN LAST WEEK. I'M TIRED OF BEING PATIENT AND WAITING FOR YOUR INSTITUTION TO BETTER. I FIND JOY IN KNOWING THAT ALOT OF YOU WILL BE GONE AFTER WHAT HAPPENED WITH EPSTEIN. ITS RIDICULOUS THAT I CAN'T GET ANY PSYCH ATTENTION FOR 2 WEEKS, I WONDER HOW LONG EPSTEIN TRIED.

EFTA00035034