DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | Boston Area Office  |

Interview of [REDACTED], Electronics Technician, Federal Bureau of Prisons

On September 29, 2021, Senior Special Agent [REDACTED], Assistant Special Agent in Charge [REDACTED] and Special Agent [REDACTED], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), conducted a voluntary interview of [REDACTED], Electronics Technician, Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) New York, New York, within the OIG New York Field Office located in New York, New York. The interview was conducted in reference to an official OIG investigation surrounding the death of BOP inmate Jeffrey Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed at the MCC New York. [REDACTED] was the Electronics Technician at the MCC New York when Epstein was housed within the MCC New York. The interview was recorded, and the recording has been transcribed. The interview transcript and documents discussed with [REDACTED] during the interview are attached to this report. The audio recorded interview has been saved separately to the case file due to its large file size. Following the interview, [REDACTED] provided the attached emails in reference to the topics discussed during the interview.

# Attachments:

1. Transcription of the recorded interview of [REDACTED] conducted on September 29, 2021.
2. OIG Warnings and Assurances Form signed by [REDACTED] dated September 29, 2021.
3. SigNet Service Request dated August 8, 2019.
4. SigNet Service Request dated February 28, 2019.
5. Email dated August 9, 2019, from [REDACTED] to [REDACTED].
6. Email dated October 5, 2021, from [REDACTED] with responses to OIG questions.
7. Emails provided by [REDACTED] on October 5, 2021, with regard to MCC camera issues.
8. Email dated October 15, 2021, from [REDACTED] with attached MCC DVR work order dated July 19, 2019.
9. Email dated October 15, 2021, from [REDACTED] with response to OIG question.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [REDACTED] | Assistant Special Agent in Charge | [REDACTED] | Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00035800