From: _______________________________&gt;
To: _______________________________&gt;

Subject: Fwd: Inmate Epstein, J. 76318054 - Notify Psychology ASAP when he returns from court

Date: Mon, 08 Jul 2019 17:56:03 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: TEXT.htm

_________________________
Associate Warden
MCC New York
New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/8/2019 10:50 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I just got off the phone with Central Office and they are recommending we conduct a suicide risk assessment with this inmate when he returns from court. Should he return from court and psychology is gone for the day, he is to go on PSYCHOLOGICAL OBSERVATION unless, of course, he reports he is suicidal. In that case, he is to go on Suicide Watch. Inmate Epstein will likely be receiving bad news in court today and has multiple risk factors for suicidality as identified by BOP statistics. Let's be proactive.

"This writer consulted with Dr. _______________, Central Office, regarding inmate Epstein. Inmate Epstein has various risk factors for suicidality including a high profile case with media attention, sex offense charges, pre-trial status, and a court proceeding today which could potentially be giving him bad news regarding his legal situation. As such, when inmate Epstein returns from court, R&amp;D staff as well as Lieutenant's have been informed to immediately notify the psychology department. If he returns after duty hours, the aforementioned staff were instructed to notify the on-call psychologist and to place inmate Epstein on a watch status until psychology can conduct a thorough suicide risk assessment."

Thank you, Dr. _______________

Psy.D.
Chief Psychologist
U.S. Department of Justice/
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, New York 10007

EFTA00035632