To:
Cc:
To:
From:
Sent: Sat 8/10/2019 7:05:42 PM
Subject: Fwd: Re: Epstein investigation

Per the below, counsel requests that the investigators not interview [redacted] without counsel's permission.

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket &lt; [redacted] &gt; 8/10/2019 3:03 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thanks for the note. Please be sure [redacted] is NOT interviewed about this without my permission.

Bruce Barket
Barket, Epstein, Kearon, Aldea &amp; LoTurco
666 Old Country road
Garden City, NY 11530
[redacted]

Barket Epstein.com

On Aug 10, 2019, at 2:10 PM, [redacted] &gt; wrote:

Bruce,

I will keep you posted on tomorrow's visit. The institution is currently locked down due to the incident that is all over the press at the moment. I am hoping there will be legal visiting tomorrow, but have not yet received confirmation.

Thank you,

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket &lt; [redacted] &gt; 8/9/2019 4:25 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thank you. Helps a lot to put my mind at ease—one less problem. And thanks for Sunday, Enjoy the weekend.
Bruce A. Barket, Esq.
Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP
666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700
Garden City, NY 11530
[redacted] [F]

www.barketepstein.com
This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00012431
EFTA00034800

privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments.

From: [mailto]

Sent: Friday, August 09, 2019 1:54 PM

To: Bruce Barket;

Subject: Re: Epstein investigation

Hi Bruce,

It is my understanding that the investigation has concluded and that no charges, disciplinary or otherwise, are being filed against your client. I hope this helps.

Also, I have notified the Duty Officer and Captain, and will notify the Lieutenants that you plan to visit first thing Sunday morning.

Thank you,

&gt;&gt;&gt; Bruce Barket &lt; 8/9/2019 1:00 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Good afternoon. Any update on the investigation regarding Epstein’s suicide attempt?

Bruce A. Barket, Esq.

Barket Epstein Kearon Aldea &amp; LoTurco, LLP

666 Old Country Road, Ste. 700

Garden City, NY 11530

[F]

www.barketepstein.com

This transmittal may be a confidential attorney client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential. If it is not clear that you are the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error; any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited. If you suspect that you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone or email and immediately delete this message and all its attachments

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00012432

EFTA00034801