Federal Bureau of Prisons
MR 05B Monthly Security Report
From 4/1/2024 to 4/30/2024
54999
ACTIV
ISS-01-CAA
Monthly

Region: NER
Month Code: 7
Institution: CAA

# Institution Security System Information

System Type: Institution Security System
Manufacturer: Qognify
Model: Core Server
Installed:
Then Date: 4/8/2024
Completed: 4/11/2024
Man hours this Month: 1.00

# This Work Order has not been completed!

408

Camera Total (Enter Total Number of Cameras.)
Yes

Camera Total Change (Has this number of Cameras increased or decreased from the previous reporting month?)
Eight new cameras were installed in Food Service bringing the total camera count to 408.

Camera Total Comments (If Yes provide Comments as to the change in number.)
No

Operational (Are all Cameras and Recording devices operating per manufacturers specifications and policy?)
Two cameras were blurry. Work orders were created and repairs made.

Operational Comments (If No provide Comments as to what has occurred and how it is being addressed.)
All repairs and maintenance has been completed and documented via work order.

Comm Tech Comments (Required)
All cameras and recording equipment are currently in working order. Every maintenance and repair is kept track of and documented in the file for the Institution Security System.

Facility Manager Comments (Required)
After reading the report, I agree with all of the information it contains.

Captain Comments (Required)
Yes

Recording (Is the system capable of recording video?)

Comm Tech:
Facility Manager:
Captain:

Sensitive
EFTA00035918