Great Job!

Regional Environmental &amp; Safety Compliance Administrator, NERO

Phone: [redacted]

This message is intended for official use and may contain SENSITIVE information. If this message contains SENSITIVE information, it should be properly delivered, labeled, stored, and disposed of according to policy.

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 8/16/2019 3:17 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I forgot to send this email out yesterday, All Boro Tank never showed up the two time they where suppose to, so we moved on to another company which came yesterday and took care of all of our needs everything is fine we have no issue and the report I should have next week so I will contact NYS DEC and let her know.

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 8/12/2019 3:05 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I just got off the phone with All Boro Tank they have promised me a proposal by late today after I approve it they can start the work as early as Wednesday and conclude it by Friday with all paperwork complete. I reached out to NYS DEC via phone and left a message for [redacted] I will also be sending her an email about this update.

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 7/16/2019 2:58 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

I have contacted All Boro Tank Testing below is the information to come out and address the EPA Violations.

## All Boro Tank Testing

656 Atkins Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11208

Office: [redacted]

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 7/16/2019 11:43 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hi [redacted].

I just received a copy of MCC New York's UST NOV issued 07-15-2019. Attached.

I also spoke with [redacted]. He's working to address the NOV, [redacted] enrolled to obtain Class A &amp; B UST Operator status within the next two weeks. Once he's been designated as the Class A &amp; B Operator he should be able to assume the role of a Class C Operator as well. He's checking with the NY Department of Environmental Conservation to make sure. As a back up plan, [redacted] (Facilities Manager, Brooklyn) and [redacted] (General Foreman, Brooklyn) are Class A &amp; B Operators and may be able to temporarily fill that role for MCC New York.

Please place this NOV in procedure 009 and use the EMS to document the institution's corrective actions. Don't forget to establish a "flow" by holding an EMS Committee Meeting to create UST Class A, B &amp; C Operators objectives and targets (003) and a detailed Environmental Management Plan (EMP) to address training (004), documentation, reporting and record-keeping (005, 006.). You may need to work with [redacted] to draft a new Operational Control (007) to ensure continued compliance in the future (002, 008, 010, 011).

Please keep me informed of developments. I'll continue to follow up.

Let me know you need anything.

EFTA00036110

E

Regional Environmental &amp; Safety

Compliance Administrator, NERO

Phone: [REDACTED]

This message is intended for official use and may contain SENSITIVE information.

If this message contains SENSITIVE information, it should be properly delivered, labeled, stored, and disposed of according to policy.

EFTA00036111