FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

# LESSON: MANAGING HOUSING UNITS, PART I

LENGTH: 1 Hour 30 Minutes (Recommended)

INSTRUCTOR-TO-PARTICIPANT RATIO: 1:10

# OBJECTIVES:

Given the specific and general post orders of a housing unit, participants will be able to:

- Discuss the objectives and expectations of post orders
- Perform duties of a correctional post
- Account for inmate work detail
- Account for inmates on a pass system (if applicable)
- Locate an absentee inmate
- Conduct rounds in the housing unit
- Conduct a fire and security check in the housing unit
- Conduct searches of the housing unit to include cell searches
- Identify procedures for confiscating and disposing of contraband
- Conduct a bed book audit

# METHOD OF ASSESSMENT:

- Knowledge Checks
- Group Discussion

PREREQUISITES: Back 2 Basics, Overview and Expectations

# INSTRUCTOR MATERIALS:

- Lesson Plan
- Copy of General and Specific Post Orders for local housing unit(s)
- A Day in the Life of TRUSCOPE, PDF
- Daily Security Check/Inspection Form, local
- Inmate Accountability, Supplement
- Security Inspections, Supplement
- Inmate Personal Property, Institutional Supplement
- Commissary List, local
- List of authorized items for inmate personal property
- Census Check Report, local example
- Change Sheet, local example
- Detail Roster, local example
- Outcount, local example
- Sample photocopies showing front and reverse of Inmate Picture Card
- Sample photocopies of Bed Book pages

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035848

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

- Search log
- Toolbox/Carrier with screwdrivers (Phillips and flathead)
- Mirror
- Flashlight
- Keys to area(s) being searched
- Probing devices
- Metal detector
- All other additional tools used to conduct area and cell searches

# STUDENT MATERIALS:

Participant Manual, one (1) per participant, to include:

- One (1) copy for each shift of Specific Post Orders, Housing Unit – local institution
- One (1) copy for each shift of Special Post Orders, Housing Unit – local institution
- List of authorized items for inmate personal property
- Commissary list, local
- Daily Fire and Security Inspection Form, local
- Pencil(s)

Group Resource Manual, one (1) per group, to include:

- Inmate Accountability, Institution Supplement
- Inmate Personal Property, Institution Supplement
- Title and Location of Post Orders Form
- Post Order Review Sheet
- A Day in the Life of TRUSCOPE, PDF
- All Program Statements located in the housing unit post orders, local
- All Institution Supplements located in the housing unit post orders, local
- Any other documentation to include local procedures that may be used to support the lesson

Activities, one (1) copy for each group, to include:

- Activity #1 – Locating an Absentee Inmate
- Activity #2 – Conducting Rounds in the Housing Unit
- Activity #3 – Conducting Fire and Security Checks
- Activity #4 – Conducting Searches of the Housing Unit and Inmate Cells

# REFERENCES:

- P.S. 3420.11, Standards of Employee Conduct
- P.S. 5270.09, CN-1 Inmate Discipline Program
- P.S. 5270.11, Special Housing Units
- P.S. 5500.14, CN-1, Correctional Services Procedures Manual
- P.S. 5500.15, Correctional Services Manual
- P.S. 5521.06, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035849

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

- P.S. 5566.06, CN-1, Use of Force and Application of Restraints
- P.S. 5580.08, Inmate Personal Property
- P.S. 5580.09, Inmate Property Claims
- Introduction to Correctional Techniques (ICT) Phase I, Tab 17: Counts, Checks, and Accountability Resources
- Introduction to Correctional Techniques (ICT) Phase I, Tab 22: Conducting Searches
- SENTRY General Use Technical Reference Manual
- Inmate Accountability, Institution Supplement, various institutions
- Inmate Personal Property, Institutional Supplement, various institutions

## APPENDIX: No

## POWERPOINT: No

## RECOMMENDED INSTRUCTORS:

Housing Unit Officer and Captain or Lieutenant.

## SPECIAL NOTES:

It is critical to review the lesson plan thoroughly prior to delivery. Be prepared with all local information and documentation to present at times indicated throughout the lesson.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035850

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

# LOGISITCS:

This course, Managing Housing Units, is divided into two (2) parts, Part I and Part II. Participants must complete both parts to receive training credit.

Part I of this lesson should be conducted at a common area for employees only. The area should be a confined area for open discussion about sensitive issues and topics. Examples of areas to conduct Part I include a training center, a classroom, or a visiting room.

Part II of this lesson should be conducted inside a housing unit. The purpose of Part II of the lesson will be to conduct or assist with at least one (1) or all of the following practical exercises as indicated by the Warden:

- Area search
- Cell search
- Irregular Round
- Bed Book Audit
- Fire and Security Check

# PRIOR TO INSTRUCTION:

1. Read all components of the curriculum (i.e., lesson plan and activities.)
2. Refer to the Warden or other delegated official for the specific location of Part I and Part II of the lesson. Consider the approximate time it will take to move from the location of Part I to the location of Part II (if applicable). Plan accordingly.
3. Print all documents to represent your local facility for the Participant Manual.
4. Print all documents to represent your local facility for the Group Resource Manual.
5. Prepare for instruction. This includes addressing the following:

- Number of Participants: Determine how many participants will be in attendance.
- Participant Manual: Using the number of participants in the class, copy the number of student packets you will need (one per participant) to conduct the training. Note: Since participants will not be writing on these manuals, you may use them again for other scheduled classes of Managing Housing Units.
- Group Resource Manual: Determine how many groups of five (5) participants will be in the class. Make copies, one (1) for each group, to conduct the training. Note: Since participants will not be writing on these manuals, you may use them again for other scheduled classes of Managing Housing Units.
- Activities: Copy the number of activities needed; that is, one (1) activity for each group. Participants will write on these activity sheets, therefore, you will need to make additional copies for other scheduled classes of Managing Housing Units.

6. Take all printed materials to the training site identified for Part I of this course.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035851

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

SPECIAL NOTE: Accountability of Materials: All materials should be collected, accounted for, and removed from the location when training and/or practical exercises are conducted in the presence of inmates. Absolutely NO materials should be in circulation for Part II of this lesson.

AT THE TRAINING SITE:

1. Identify locations for small groups (and group discussion). Place a Group Resource Manual in each group location.
2. Identify the seating of the groups. Place a Participant Manual at each seat.
3. Once all participants have arrived, divide the participants into groups of five (5). It is highly recommended that each small group be a mixture of at least one (1) employee in correctional services (any grade) plus a combination of other disciplines.
4. Allow groups to form and settle in their seats before you begin instruction.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035852

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

# I. INTRODUCTION

For this module of Back 2 Basics, we will be reviewing policy and procedures for effectively performing duties when managing a housing unit.

Note: Refer to the Participant and Group packets.

Note: Describe the logistics of the training. This should include start time, stop time, breaks, location change (if applicable), etc.

Note: Ask if there are any questions before continuing. Address all questions.

# II. POST ORDERS

A. General Post Orders

Note: Instruct participants to look at their individual packets for specific post orders.

Post Orders describe all procedures and any special instructions regarding a specific post. Per Program Statement, Correctional Services Procedures Manual, post orders must be based on Bureau and institution policies, must state each post's duty hours, and must be prepared under the Captain's supervision and direction.

Note: Discuss procedures for reviewing and signing post orders in the Lieutenant's office.

Discussion: What is the procedure if there is no opportunity to review post orders?

In these cases, it is the responsibility of the employee to inform the employer of the fact they have not been able or afforded the opportunity to read such orders. The employer will then advise the employee of the general requirements of the post and answer any questions. Employees assuming posts under these circumstances still have the responsibility of exercising sound correctional judgment based upon their training and experience and will make reasonable efforts to read the post orders as soon as practicable.

Note: Refer to the Group Resource Manual. Ask them to take a look at the Title and Location of Post Orders and Post Order Review Sheet noting the areas where signatures are needed. Ask if there are any questions before continuing.

Each post order will contain instructions regarding the immediate action an employee should take in an emergency situation. These "first responder" instructions should contain specific action steps including, but not limited to, containment, employee protective considerations, and emergency reporting protocols. Particular requirements regarding assaultive inmates, suicides, fires, evacuation routes, and other "immediate" response emergency situations are addressed and are consistent with the corresponding Emergency Plan.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035853

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

## B. Specific Post Orders

**Note:** Refer to the Group Resource Manual as needed for the next section.

All post orders contain five (5) separate sections in the following order:

- Section 1: Activities listed chronologically with responsibilities clearly defined.
- Section 2: Special instructions relating to the specific post.
- Section 3: General Post Orders - applicable to all posts.
- Section 4: List of Program Statements and Institution Supplements relevant to the post.
- Section 5: Employee Signature sheet.

Post orders and log books are confidential documents and should never be left unattended or in an area accessible to inmates. They must be secured at all times when not in use by employees.

**Knowledge Check:** Where are the Post Orders located in housing units at this institution?

**Knowledge Check:** Where should you log pertinent information regarding inmates?

**Note:** Ask if there are any questions regarding Post Orders. Upon completion of discussion, continue with instruction.

## III. ASSUMING DUTIES OF A CORRECTIONAL POST

**Discussion:** What are some of the first things you must do upon arriving?

### A. Begin Logging Documentation

According to the Correctional Services Procedures Manual and our identified post orders, you must begin logging documentation in TRUSCOPE.

Items that must be logged upon assuming the post include:

- Date
- Shift
- Base count of the unit (number of inmates)
- Your name (printed legibly)
- Key ring number
- Number of keys
- Equipment
- Details about the fire alarm panel (indicating if it is operational)

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035854

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

Knowledge Check: What should you do if the fire alarm panel is not operational?

B. Contact Control

In addition to logging in the details of equipment, you should contact Control and, with their approval,

- conduct a test of your radio/body alarm, and,
- verify the unit count.

C. Dial in with the Operations Lieutenant

Once the base documentation is logged, you may contact the Operations Lieutenant or dial in for a briefing. It is at this time you should address any questions or concerns you may have about the shift.

Note: Discuss local procedures for contacting Operations Lieutenant upon assuming duties.

IV. ACCOUNTABILITY OF INMATES ON DETAIL

Accounting for inmate work detail is a crucial part of inmate accountability as all departments and locations throughout the institution are responsible. If an inmate on your work detail is missing, the inmate is considered ‘absent’ and you should follow all procedures for locating the absentee inmate.

Each detail supervisor should carry the updated and current electronic printout with them throughout the day.

Note: Refer to your institution’s procedures for printing and collecting Detail/Crew Kit Cards.

A. Detail/Crew Kit Cards

The Detail Crew Kit on BOPWARE will automatically be updated to reflect new admissions and any job or quarter’s changes via SENTRY. Each crew kit has current detail cards on all inmates assigned to the detail. The printouts are never to be left unattended or in an area accessible to inmates. At a minimum, crew kit cards provide:

- Names of the inmates;
- Register number;
- Current photo (a new photo must be made whenever an inmate's appearance changes);
- Job assignment;
- Quarters assignment;
- Custody level; and
- Any special conditions.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035855

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

Inmates will never be allowed to handle detail/crew kits and/or the cards assigned to the kits.

Note: Discuss how to identify an inmate that is on the posted picture file. The inmate is identified with an asterisk.

Note: Discuss local procedures for reporting discrepancies in detail/crew kit cards.

Note: Discuss the shift/responsibility for collecting the detail/crew kits for your local institution.

Note: Discuss the specific location where the detail/crew kits can be found in the housing units (e.g., top drawer in desk of officer’s station, etc.).

B. Detail Accountability Checks

Detail accountability checks are conducted to identify inmates in unauthorized areas, and to determine the presence and accuracy of detail cards (crew kit cards).

AM/PM census checks will be documented on Daily Fire and Security Inspection Reports. You must conduct an AM/PM census of all inmates assigned to your area during each work period. Any discrepancies found during the census will be recorded on the inspection report and must be reported to the Operations Lieutenant immediately.

C. Excusing Inmates from Detail

Knowledge Check: Who can authorize excusing an inmate from work?

The Associate Warden overseeing the department maintains the sole authority to “lay in” a Work Detail. Detail Supervisors are not authorized to release inmates from their assigned details prior to the end of normal working hours.

As an additional note, Detail Supervisors will **not** make sick call appointments for inmates.

V. LOCATING AN ABSENTEE INMATE

If you are responsible for managing the housing unit, it is **your** responsibility to locate the inmate on your work detail. With that in mind, make proper notifications and take appropriate action against the inmate right away.

Knowledge Check: What are the steps to take if inmates are missing or absent from their work?

Note: Allow input from employees before continuing.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035856

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

Per Program Statement 5500.14, inmates who are missing or absent from their work details should be located in the following manner:

1. Take immediate action to locate the inmate if the inmate does not report to work as scheduled within ten (10) minutes or fails to return from an appointment.
2. Exhaust all avenues of locating the inmate by calling appointments, the inmate’s assigned housing unit, visiting room (if applicable), and Health Services. If the absent inmate cannot be located after ten (10) minutes, notify the Lieutenants Office. At this point, the Lieutenants Office will assume responsibility for locating the inmate.
3. The Lieutenant will ensure proper notifications are made and proper action is taken when the inmate is found.

**Note:** Discuss the following in as much detail as needed for your location.

**A. Daily Change/Transfer Sheet**

The Daily Change/Transfer Sheet is a SENTRY generated list which denotes changes in an inmate's status. This sheet must be published each regular work day. It includes changes in the following:

- Housing unit;
- Job assignment;
- Medical idle; and/or,
- Convalescence which exceeds one (1) day.

**Note:** Identify where and how employees can locate the Daily Change/Transfer Sheet in your local housing units.

**B. Inmate Callouts**

The Call-Out sheet lists appointments inmates have with employees and is produced by SENTRY. As you know, it lists the reporting time and physical area where inmates are scheduled to report. The Call-Out sheet is made available to employees and posted in the inmate housing units. The employee who places the inmate on call-out must ensure the requested inmate arrives at the specified time.

**Discussion:** Who is responsible for ensuring the inmate arrives to the callout at the specific time?

**Note:** Identify where and how employees can locate the Inmate Callouts in your local housing units.

Back 2 Basics
10
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035857

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

C. Sick Call

Discussion: What are times and days for Sick Call?

For Sick Call, inmates will report to the Health Services Department. When an inmate, for medical reasons, is excused from work, Health Services employees will issue two (2) copies of the Medical Idle Authorization to the inmate. The inmate will retain one copy of the idle and deliver the second copy to the Housing Unit Officer.

Knowledge Check: Who is responsible for notifying the work supervisor of the inmate’s idle status?

The Unit Officer will notify the work supervisor of the inmate’s idle status.

Once an appointment is made, the inmate will return to their unit until the assigned appointment. Inmates will return to Health Services during the assigned movement and remain there until released by the Health Services employees.

D. SENTRY

Discussion: What are the SENRY functions that may be used for locating an inmate?

Some of the most notable options include PP42/PP44, Current Assignments and PP37, History.

Note: Discuss any additional SENTRY options, as needed or mentioned by employees.

VI. ACTIVITY #1 – LOCATING AN ABSENTEE INMATE

Note: Distribute the worksheet for Activity #1 – Locating an Absentee Inmate, one (1) per group. Facilitate the activity using the instructor notes provided. Upon completion, continue instruction.

VII. CONDUCTING ROUNDS

A. Irregular Rounds

Every employee is responsible for the custody, control, supervision, and accountability of all inmates in their area of responsibility and supervision.

Housing unit posts should make irregular rounds of the units they are assigned. Although there are no scheduled rounds when moves are open, it is imperative to make rounds for the security and orderly operation of the institution once moves are closed and the unit is locked. Upon completion of each round, notification of completion and any additional notes should be logged

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035858

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

into TRUSCOPE.

Note: Discuss any additional local procedures for conducting rounds.

B. Rounds During Lock Down Status in the Housing Unit

Per policy, when inmates are in lock down status, rounds must be conducted at least once in the first 30 minute period of the hour (example, 12:00 a.m. – 12:30 a.m.) followed by another round in the second 30 minute period of the same hour (example, 12:30 a.m. – 1:00 a.m.). This ensures that an inmate is observed at least twice per hour. These rounds are to be conducted on an irregular schedule and no more than forty (40) minutes apart.

Note: Clearly define lock down status as applicable to housing units during normal operations.

VIII. ACTIVITY #2 – CONDUCTING ROUNDS IN THE HOUSING UNIT

Note: Distribute the worksheet for Activity #2 – Conducting Rounds in the Housing Unit, one per group. Facilitate the activity using the instructor notes provided. Upon completion, continue instruction.

IX. CONDUCTING FIRE AND SECURITY CHECKS

Each detail supervisor or departmental employee will conduct a daily security and fire inspection of their assigned area. The result of these inspections will be submitted on your local Daily or Weekly Security and Fire Inspection Report. Employees will use TRUSCOPE to log in the time conducted and findings, if applicable.

The areas listed on the Daily Security and Fire Inspection Report should be completed at the conclusion of each manned shift.

Knowledge Check: When should the Daily Fire and Security Checks be conducted?

Note: Provide any feedback and/or procedures for your local facility.

A. Fire and Security Inspection Report, Daily

While managing a housing unit, you will be expected to perform the fire and security inspection in accordance with outlined procedures. Upon completion of the inspection, you will document your findings in TRUSCOPE noting any discrepancies found, along with the action taken to address the problem. If the discrepancy is considered significant or major, you will contact the Lieutenant’s office immediately.

Note: Refer to the Participant Manual for the Daily Fire and Security Inspection Report.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035859

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

Discuss how to document findings once the inspection is completed.

B. Security Work Orders/Requests

If you find a safety or sanitation issue which requires corrective action, you should note the problem on the form and submit a written work request to get the problem fixed.

Note: Identify the location of the work order form and the local procedures for submission.

C. Memoranda

A memorandum is used to document safety issues encountered during your checks.

Discussion: Who should receive a copy of this memorandum?

X. ACTIVITY #3 – CONDUCTING FIRE AND SECURITY CHECKS

Note: Distribute the worksheet for Activity #3 – Conducting Rounds in the Housing Unit, one (1) per group. Facilitate the activity using the instructor notes provided. Upon completion, continue instruction.

XI. CONDUCTING SEARCHES OF THE HOUSING UNIT

A. Searches of the Housing Unit

The inspection of a housing unit is primarily designed to detect contraband, prevent escapes, maintain sanitation standards, and to eliminate fire and safety hazards. Frequent and irregular searches should be conducted of all inmate living areas to include:

- Cells
- Cubicles
- Storage rooms
- Supply rooms
- Common areas
- Plumbing accesses
- Walls
- Plumbing fixtures
- Showers, to include drains
- Additional locations not mentioned above

The employee assigned to the area will be responsible for noting the date, time, results, and name of searching employee according to local procedures. Searches of the inmate living areas will be conducted frequently and properly documented in TRUSCOPE.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035860

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

Note: Identify how searches of the housing unit should be documented at your local facility.

Approaches to conduct searches in all areas of the housing unit include:

1. Visual

A visual inspection must be conducted inside the unit for items such as bent or spread bars, broken welds, cracked or cut bars, and any sign of steel filings. Any other evidence of tampering or weakness such as fresh paint or discolored areas is to be thoroughly investigated.

2. Bar Tapping

Accurate bar taps call for the use of a mallet to tap security bars and frames to set up vibrations which, by their deviation from normal sound, would indicate tampering or weakness. All housing unit bars within the institution will be tapped weekly, and this information should be recorded accordingly.

Note: Discuss procedures for recording bar taps at your local institution.

3. Metal Instrument

A thin instrument such a putty knife can be passed along frames or bars to locate cuts or depressions which might indicate tampering. The instrument can also be used as a probe to uncover cuts filled with soap, putty, or other substances.

Knowledge Check: How often are bar taps completed?

Note: Explain the location and/or procedures for obtaining tools used for conducting searches.

4. Mirror

A mirror is an effective instrument for examining areas that would ordinarily be difficult to inspect. A mirror may be used to inspect any area that ordinarily would be difficult to observe during a routine visual inspection.

Knowledge Check: What areas in the housing units are best searched using a mirror?

B. Searches of Inmate Cells

Employees may search an inmate’s housing area and any personal items contained within an area, without prior notice, inmate approval, or inmate’s presence. An inmate will be removed from the cell and searched prior to the cell search. When conducting the cell search, all items

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035861

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

in the cell should be carefully searched and, as nearly as possible, returned to their original order upon completion.

When conducting a cell search, particular attention must be paid to the following:

- Plumbing facilities
- Ventilation ducts
- Beds
- Bedding
- Chairs
- Commissary items
- Books
- Additional items/locations not mentioned above

False shoe bottoms, secret compartments and hollow legs are possibilities for concealing contraband.

**Discussion: What are some other common areas for concealing contraband that have not been mentioned?**

The employee searching the cell will be responsible for noting the date, time, inmate's name, inmate's register number, cell/room number, results, and name of searching employee in TRUSCOPE.

Identify how cell searches should be documented at your local facility.

**C. Contraband**

Here are only a few items of contraband and locations it may be commonly found in the housing units:

- Cell phones hidden in doors
- Cell phones hidden inside of soda cans
- Cell phones hidden in soap
- Cigarettes hidden in all areas of inmate cells
- Tattoo Kits hidden in soda cans
- Contraband safes made out of Ramen Noodles
- Handcuff Keys made from inhalers
- Homemade intoxicants in all areas of the housing units
- Homemade tobacco pipes
- Officer safety items hidden as contraband
- Secret contraband storage spaces
- Shanks created from printer cartridges

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035862

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

- Tobacco and other items hidden in Bibles

Note: Discuss additional contraband items and locations.

When conducting searches of inmates, housing units, and cells, it is important to be familiar with items inmates may and may not have. When in doubt, you can refer to the local Commissary List and/or the Inmate Personal Property List. You may also ask the inmate to provide a receipt of purchased items.

Note: Inform participants to refer to the local Commissary Sheet and/or Inmate Personal Property List in the Participant Manual as needed.

Knowledge Check: What would you do if you found an item you suspected was contraband but wasn't completely sure?

1. Areas Approved for Inmate Property Storage

Inmates in the general population housing units will be issued specific locations for the storage of personal property, for example, lockers. Items authorized outside of the areas may include items such as:

- One (1) mesh laundry bag
- Footwear
- Issued clothing

Property storage may not be in offices of the unit team or the correctional supervisor except in temporary, emergency situations.

Note: Discuss specific locations in your location for property storage. Discuss any special instructions (e.g., shoes should be stored under the bunks).

2. Confiscation and Disposal of Contraband

Confiscated contraband will be disposed of in accordance with institution procedures. Exceptions from these procedures can only be made upon written authorization of the Warden or his designee.

Note: Discuss local procedures for recovering contraband. Include procedures for

- excess property
- hard contraband
- cash or negotiable instruments
- postage stamps

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035863

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

Note: Discuss local procedures for identifying and logging contraband recovered during searches.

## XII. ACTIVITY #4 – CONDUCTING SEARCHES OF THE HOUSING UNITS AND INMATE CELLS

Note: Distribute the worksheet for Activity #4 – Conducting Searches of the Housing Units and Inmate Cells, one (1) per group. Facilitate the activity using the instructor notes provided. Upon completion, continue instruction.

## XIII. CONDUCTING BED BOOK AUDITS

Knowledge Check: When should employees conduct a bed book audit?

Note: Allow participants to provide feedback. Provide feedback for your local facility.

A minimum of one (1) bed book audit will be conducted every 24-hour period to ensure the accuracy of inmate assignments.

Note: Provide information on where/how the Bed Book is retrieved/located at your local facility.

The Bed Book contains the following information for each inmate:

- Inmate’s name
- Register number
- Cell location
- Job assignment
- Custody level
- Any additional information (e.g., medical information)

Bed Book Cards are strictly confidential and should never be viewed by inmates.

### A. Procedures for Conducting a Bed Book Count

At least two (2) employees will conduct bed book audits. Inmates must be positively identified using printed pictures, by asking the inmates to state both their name and register number. Both employees must agree the inmate matches the picture, name, and register number on the bed book card. Inmates must also be in their assigned cell as documented in the bed book and unit SENTRY roster.

The first employee will carry the SENTRY roster while the second employee will carry the Bed Book picture roster. Upon completing count, both officers verify all inmates are present, compare the numbers with each of the counting employee, and identify any inmates not

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035864

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

present in the housing unit.

**Note:** Discuss local procedures for conducting a Bed Book Count.

Employees will then call Control Center and verify this information.

**B.** Updating an Inmate's Picture Card

**Discussion:** What issues warrant the update of a picture card?

When conducting a Bed Book count, you may discover that an inmate has changed their physical appearance. If this is the case, the following standard operating procedures should occur:

1. Find correct inmate Picture Card on file.
2. Write and submit a memorandum to the Unit Team requesting a new picture be taken and explain why.
3. Use reverse side of Picture Card to note changes in the inmate's physical appearance.
4. Return Picture Card file to proper secure location.

**Knowledge Check:** Who can request the update of a picture card?

Any employee can submit the request for an inmate's picture card to be updated. The same procedures mentioned above will apply to any employee submitting the request.

1. Locate inmate's Picture Card.
2. Record information from inmate's Picture Card into assigned bed/cell slot in unit Bed Book.
3. File inmate's Picture Card with your unit cards.

**XIV. SUMMARY**

In summary, managing a housing unit has many complex duties and responsibilities. The Back to Basics training program has been designed to revisit those fundamental tasks that depend on the overall safety and security of the institution as a whole.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035865

FY2024
BACK 2 BASICS
Instructor Guide

# ACTIVITIES

## Part I
Managing Housing Units

Back 2 Basics
19
Managing Housing Units, Part I
EFTA00035866

FY2024
Instructor Guide

# Group Discussions: Challenges and Solutions

Time Frame: 15 minutes each (Recommended)

Objectives: Given a topic of discussion, participants will be able to:

- Discuss challenges and possible solutions for the given topic for managing housing units.

## Instructor Materials:

- Pencils
- Copies of worksheets, one (1) per group, to include:
- Activity #1 – Locating an Absentee Inmate
- Activity #2 – Conducting Rounds in the Housing Units
- Activity #3 – Conducting Fire and Security Checks
- Activity #4 – Conducting Searches of the Housing Units and Inmate Cells

## Instructor Notes:

1. Divide the participants into groups of five (5) participants per group.
2. Pass out the Group Discussion worksheet for the identified activity.
3. Announce the topic to the groups. Instruct all participants to take ten (10) minutes discussing the challenges they face with the given topic and write up to four (4) of them down on the worksheet provided. Once they have identified the challenges, groups can discuss the possible solutions, noting any talking points in the space provided under the solutions heading.
4. Upon completion of the discussion, groups should appoint a lead speaker who will share findings with the class.
5. After the ten (10) minutes of discussion time is complete, allow groups to share their answers with the class.

## Debrief:

Take time shortly after conducting this activity to reflect on how it went, how engaged the participants were, and what questions were raised, if any. Make any notes that may need further discussion regarding your institution.

Back 2 Basics
Managing Housing Units, Part 1
EFTA00035867

FY2024

Instructor Guide

# Activity #1 – Locating an Absentee Inmate Group Discussion

Directions: Discuss challenges and solutions regarding locating an absentee inmate using Daily Change/Transfer Sheet, Inmate Callouts, Detail Crew Kits, Sick Call, and SENTRY. Write the discussion points for each challenge and the group’s solution in the space provided. Be prepared to discuss with the class. You may use past experiences as examples.

|   | CHALLENGE
To include past experiences, interferences, or recurring issues | SOLUTION
To include ideas and past experiences (if applicable)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  1 |  |   |
|  2 |  |   |
|  3 |  |   |
|  4 |  |   |

Back 2 Basics

Managing Housing Units, Part 1

EFTA00035868

FY2024

Instructor Guide

# Activity #2 – Conducting Rounds in the Housing Unit

## Group Discussion

Directions: Discuss challenges and solutions regarding conducting rounds on any given shift. Write the discussion points for each challenge and the group’s solution in the space provided. Be prepared to discuss with the class. You may use past experiences as examples.

|   | CHALLENGE
To include past experiences, interferences, or recurring issues | SOLUTION
To include ideas and past experiences (if applicable)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  1 |  |   |
|  2 |  |   |
|  3 |  |   |
|  4 |  |   |

Back 2 Basics

Managing Housing Units, Part 1

EFTA00035869

FY2024

Instructor Guide

# Activity #3 – Conducting Fire and Security Checks

## Group Discussion

Directions: Discuss challenges and solutions regarding conducting daily fire and security checks at your local facility. Write the discussion points for each challenge and the group’s solution in the space provided. Be prepared to discuss with the class. Refer to the Daily Fire and Security Inspection Report in your Participant Manual as needed. You may use past experiences as examples.

|   | CHALLENGE
To include past experiences, interferences, or recurring issues | SOLUTION
To include ideas and past experiences (if applicable)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  1 |  |   |
|  2 |  |   |
|  3 |  |   |
|  4 |  |   |

Back 2 Basics

23

Managing Housing Units, Part 1

EFTA00035870

FY2024

Instructor Guide

# Activity #4 – Conducting Searches of the Housing Unit and Inmate Cells

## Group Discussion

Directions: Discuss challenges and solutions regarding official counts and census and accountability checks. Write the discussion points for each challenge and the group’s solution in the space provided. Be prepared to discuss with the class. You may use past experiences as examples.

|   | CHALLENGE
To include past experiences, interferences, or recurring issues | SOLUTION
To include ideas and past experiences (if applicable)  |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  1 |  |   |
|  2 |  |   |
|  3 |  |   |
|  4 |  |   |

Back 2 Basics

24

Managing Housing Units, Part 1

EFTA00035871