UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
FEDERAL BUREAU OF PRISONS
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, NY. 10007

August 10, 2019

MEMORANDUM FOR: FILE

FROM: [REDACTED], Captain [REDACTED]

SUBJECT: Security Expectations Involving Inmate Epstein, Jeffrey Reg. No. 76318-054

During the week of July 31, 2019 in order to address management concerns with inmate Epstein. I felt it was necessary to hold informal training sessions with Correctional Services Supervisors and Line Staff assigned to the Special Housing Unit. The informal training sessions was conducted in the Lieutenants Office, inside the SHU, and while conducting rounds throughout the institution. I informed staff of the importance of being vigilant and being security minded when dealing with inmate Epstein, Jeffrey Reg. No. 76318-054, and other inmates within the Special Housing Unit. I explained that Lieutenants were to conduct more unannounced rounds in the unit, providing oversite over operations and security. I pointed out apparent security concerns such as observation windows being blocked preventing staff from completing proper rounds, torn bed sheets, clothing, covering of light fixtures, clotheslines, and the accumulation of food trays in cells. I made clear of my expectations of maintaining a clean and manageable unit. I explained should we not continue to be proactive in the management of our inmate population, there would be another occurrence of the below describe incident.

Inmate Epstein while housed at the Metropolitan Correctional Center located in New York City. In the early morning hours of July 23, 2019, he was found unresponsive in his cell after an apparent suicide attempt.

In detailed conversations with the SHU Lieutenant, he was informed of my expectations regarding the supervision of inmate Epstein. Specifically, he was reminded on several occasions that inmate Epstein was to be housed with a cell mate.

EFTA00035467