From: _______________________________

To: _______________________________

Subject: Fwd: Re: Inmates on Suicide Watch with Legal Visits

Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2019 13:24:26 +0000

Importance: Normal

Attachments: TEXT.htm

yes, and also claiming [redacted] may have done it to him but that he wasn't conscious so does not know. his scar is very significant. there's obvi a ton of dishonesty and holes in the story. i spent 30 mins with him this morning and confronted him a couple of times. and he still claims lack of memory and sticks to the same nonsensical story.

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 7/24/2019 9:21 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

yeah, i don't know what's been going on with him, but i just think in general we really allow the guys to abuse the use of SW, and i just thought it was interesting to see the response of a chief at another detention center. i also agree that we don't let other inmates on SW attend legal visits, so he shouldn't have either, and shouldn't have been in regular clothes even if he did. again, to the other chief's point, if he can attend the legal visit that way, then he likely isn't suicidal and doesn't need to be on SW. so, is the story that he has a mark on his neck and he's saying he doesn't remember how it got there?

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 7/24/2019 9:18 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

totally. i wonder if [redacted] was embarrassed/introspective seeing a response like that. this is b/c of epstein. he was on SW but in regular clothes on legal visit and [redacted] questioned it. i told [redacted] when she asked that we have done it this way in the past. in light of the huge scar on epstein's neck (granted a ton of ambiguity surrounding the incident), he did need to be on SW yesterday. i guess we should have declined his legal visit if we were following this other chief's advice

&gt;&gt;&gt; [redacted] 7/24/2019 8:40 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

lol i love this guy's response. that if this is even a question, they probably shouldn't even be on watch. we put way too many people on there. i'm even seeing the difference in BRO. they just don't function that way. guys come here from MCC and go to SHU, and tell staff they want to go on SW, and the staff laugh at them, and the inmates tell them they were able to get on watch that way at MCC. and the psych who responded to her is at Chicago, another detention center. so, I'm guessing they see a lot of the same things that we do, and probably use SW less as an option.

EFTA00035544