From: _______________________________
To: _______________________________
Subject: Re: Epstein
Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2019 14:10:34 +0000
Importance: Normal
Attachments: TEXT.htm

This is the response I am sending the RD. Are you ok with this?

Below is the definition of Psychological Observation provided by Dr. [REDACTED]. Chief Psychologist. He will remain on Psychological Observation until tomorrow, where he will be reassessed.

**DEFINITION**: A Psychological Observation occurs when an inmate who suffers from a mental illness, a serious personality disorder, a medical problem (impairing their mental status), or drug intoxication and/or withdrawal symptoms begins to deteriorate. The inmate is no longer mentally stable and therefore, it is inappropriate for s/he to remain in general population or the Special Housing Unit (SHU). Inmates placed on psychological observation differ from inmates placed on suicide watch as they are not imminently suicidal (e.g., have not expressed self-harm or engaged in self-harming behavior), but rather, due to his/her impairment in mental status or functioning (e.g., not eating, not sleeping, disorganized/unusual thinking, poor self-care), his/her behavior can be unpredictable. Psychological Observation status is intended as a temporary designation to be utilized until such time as the inmate becomes sufficiently stable (e.g., able to function independently in general population) to be returned to his/her housing assignment or transferred to an inpatient psychiatric facility such as a Federal Medical Center.

He has a pending incident report for Self-Mutilation and therefore, he will return to the Special Housing Unit (SHU) and will be celled with inmate [REDACTED]. Inmate [REDACTED] *pleaded guilty* in March to mailing improvised explosive devices to 13 people, including many prominent Democratic figures, *among them* former President Barack Obama, former Vice President Joe Biden, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Sens. Cory Booker (N.J.) and Kamala D. Harris (Calif.), as well as CNN. He drove around in a van festooned with political stickers and rants, one of them targeting CNN. His case has been highly publicized and he is in SHU because he requested Protective Custody.

Associate Warden
MCC New York
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007
Office: [REDACTED]
Black Berry: [REDACTED]

&gt;&gt;&gt; [REDACTED] 7/24/2019 9:42 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thanks. Where and with who will he be housed after his Attorney visit? Also, what does "Psychology Observation" status mean?

[REDACTED]
Regional Director
Northeast Region
[REDACTED]

EFTA00035380

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/24/2019 9:39 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Hello,

Inmate Epstein #76318-054 was removed from Suicide Watch and stepped down to Psychological Observation. He was just escorted to Health Services for a follow-up assessment/evaluation. Once completed, he will be escorted to Attorney Conference to meet with his Attorney. I will provide you with information concerning the medical assessment, once I receive it. Thanks.

|  Associate Warden  |
| --- |
|  MCC New York  |
|  150 Park Row  |
|  New York, New York 10007  |
|  Office:  |
|  Black Berry:  |

&gt;&gt;&gt; 7/24/2019 8:45 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

- Please provide me with a daily update on this inmate, including his status and any changes/activities I should be aware of. Thanks!

|  Regional Director  |
| --- |
|  Northeast Region  |

EFTA00035381