LIMITED OFFICIAL USE

DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | New York Field Office  |

Receipt of Information from [REDACTED], Program Manager, SigNet Technologies, regarding an Upgrade to the Camera System at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York, New York

On or about October 1, 2021, Special Agent [REDACTED], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), New York Field Office, received the attached documents and communications from [REDACTED], Program Manager, Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) Contracts, SigNet Technologies, regarding his knowledge about the camera system upgrade at the Metropolitan Correctional Center in New York, New York (MCC New York), the MCC New York's camera system failure recognized on August 8, 2019, and communications [REDACTED] had with MCC New York personnel about camera system issues.

## Attachments:

1. MCC New York GSA Contract for a Camera System Upgrade dated September 21, 2018.
2. Email dated November 27, 2018, from [REDACTED] to [REDACTED], Communications Technician, BOP, regarding request for IP addresses.
3. Email dated October 1, 2021, from [REDACTED] to SA [REDACTED] confirming the date of delivery of new camera gear to MCC New York.
4. Email dated August 31, 2021, from [REDACTED] explaining the RAID failure at MCC New York on August 8, 2019.
5. SigNet Service Request # 22855 for MCC New York dated February 28, 2019.
6. SigNet Service Request # 24975 for MCC New York dated August 8, 2019.
7. SigNet Service Request # 25078 for MCC New York dated August 15, 2019.
8. SigNet Service Request # 25160 for MCC New York dated August 22, 2019.
9. SigNet Service Request # 25380 for MCC New York dated September 9, 2019.
10. SigNet Service Request # 25572 for MCC New York dated September 20, 2019.
11. SigNet Service Request # 25576 for MCC New York dated September 20, 2019.
12. SigNet Service Request # 25629 for MCC New York dated September 24, 2019.
13. SigNet Service Request # 25630 for MCC New York dated September 24, 2019.
14. SigNet Service Request # 22687 for MCC New York dated September 28, 2019.
15. SigNet Service Request # 25765 for MCC New York dated October 3, 2019.
16. SigNet Service Request # 26408 for MCC New York dated November 13, 2019.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [REDACTED] | Special Agent | [REDACTED] | Assistant Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (04/15/2022) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

LIMITED OFFICIAL USE

EFTA00035807