April 2015
Instructor Guide

# MODULE: INTRODUCTION TO CORRECTIONAL TECHNIQUES PHASE I

## LESSON: TAB 22: CONDUCTING SEARCHES

LENGTH: 2 Hours

INSTRUCTOR-TO-PARTICIPANT RATIO: One to any number of participants

OBJECTIVE 1: Given a list of statements, the participants will identify the purpose and importance of conducting area searches in accordance with the Correctional Services Manual and PS 5521.05, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas.

OBJECTIVE 2: Given a list of statements, the participants will identify the general guidelines for conducting area searches in accordance with the Correctional Services Manual and PS 5521.05, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas.

OBJECTIVE 3: Given an inmate living area, an institution space or open area, and search equipment, the participants will conduct an area search in accordance with the PS 5521.05, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas.

OBJECTIVE 4: Given a course of instruction on the proper procedures for conducting a pat search, the participants will be able to perform all steps of a pat search.

OBJECTIVE 5: Given a course of instruction and a list of options, the participants will be able to successfully identify the proper sequence of steps used in conducting a visual search.

METHOD OF EVALUATION: Academic Testing / Practical Exercise

PREREQUISITES: Logs, Memoranda, and Incident Reports; Identifying Contraband; Accounting for Contraband

INSTRUCTIONAL AIDS: Local lists of items sold in the commissary, List of authorized items of inmates personal property from Institution Supplement, Search log, Tool box/carrier, Screwdrivers (Phillips and flat head), Mirror, Flashlight, Keys to area being searched, Probing devices, Mallet, Putty knife, Metal detector, Computer Presentation

INSTRUCTIONAL EQUIPMENT: Computer, Projector, Projector Screen

REFERENCES: Correctional Services Manual, PS 5521.05, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas, PS 5510.15, Searching, Detaining, or Arresting Visitors to Bureau Grounds and Facilities, PS 5324.11, Sexually Abusive Behavior Prevention and Intervention Program, PS 5580.08, Inmate Personal Property, Institution Supplement on Inmate Personal Property.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035881

April 2015
Instructor Guide

APPENDIX: Sample Incident Report - Results of Search in Living Quarters, Sample Memorandum - Results of Search in Electrical Shop, Area Search Performance Evaluation Checklist, Pat Search Job Aid, Pat Search Review/Remediation Sheet, Visual Scramble Test Proper Sequence, Visual Search Scramble Test Answer Key

POWERPOINT: Yes

SPECIAL NOTES: Before you present this lesson, make arrangements for the participants to perform actual searches during the practice exercise portion of this training session. Ensure participants will have sufficient search equipment to conduct the exercise.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035882

April 2015
Instructor Guide

# I. INTRODUCTION

## Slide 1 - Conducting Searches

Since inmates often possess different types of contraband, find ways to modify government-issued items inappropriately, and create weapons out of any type of material, inmates and all areas of our institution must be searched routinely at irregular times. Conducting searches is an important part of a correctional workers duties and responsibilities. This lesson provides the information you will need to perform a thorough search of inmates and all areas that inmates have access. Our objectives for this lesson are:

## Slide 2 - Objectives

- Identify the purpose and importance of conducting searches.
- Identify the general guidelines for conducting searches.
- Given an inmate living area, an institution space or open area, and search equipment, each participant will conduct pat and area searches.
- Identify the proper sequence of steps used in conducting a visual search, as delineated in this course of instruction.

## Slide 3 - Reasons for Conducting Searches

# II. CONDUCTING SEARCHES

## A. Reasons for conducting searches

There are critical reasons for conducting searches which relate to safety and well-being. It is important to remember searches are not conducted for the purpose of harassing inmates.

Reasons that searches are conducted are to:

1. Protect staff and inmates

The most important reason for conducting searches is to protect employees and inmates. Searches help us maintain a safe and secure environment for everyone.

2. Detect and remove contraband

Contraband may be a restricted item or an excessive amount of permitted items. Searches allow staff members to locate and remove contraband items.

3. Prevent escapes

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035883

April 2015
Instructor Guide

Through searches, staff may uncover tools or devices that could be used in an escape attempt. Staff members also inspect buildings and structures for signs of tampering.

## 4. Maintain sanitary standards

Institution areas must be kept neat and clean for health purposes. Searches ensure sanitary conditions meet established standards.

## 5. Eliminate fire and safety hazards

Area searches help uncover fire and safety hazards such as exposed or faulty electrical wires. When such hazards are discovered, they must be reported for repair.

Slide 4 - Reference Materials

## B. Reference Materials

Your primary references for conducting searches will be PS 5500.11, Correctional Services Manual and Program Statement 5521.05, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas. These sources provide thorough coverage as follows:

1. The Correctional Services Manual provides guidance on records and methods of inspection. It also provides guidance to search visually and how to use instruments during a search. For example, it tells how to use a mallet for tapping and how to use metal instruments to check for cuts or other signs of tampering.

Detailed instructions for searching inmates and specific areas such as housing units, utility rooms, shops, and buildings are also provided.

2. The PS 5521.05, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas explains how and why search procedures are established. It also outlines documentation requirements for searches.

3. Local Procedures such as the list of items carried by our institution Commissary and the list of locally authorized inmate personal property are two other important sources of information. You can use these lists to help you tell the difference between authorized items and nuisance contraband.

Slide 5 - Search Conditions

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035884

April 2015
Instructor Guide

## C. Search Conditions

It is important you understand the conditions under which searches are conducted. In this section, we will discuss when these searches are performed and who is authorized to perform them.

- When to conduct searches?

Searches are performed according to scheduled Post Orders and/or supervisory instructions. Searches may be performed any time of the day or night, during any shift. They may be scheduled or unscheduled.

- Who may conduct searches?

All staff members are authorized and encouraged to perform random searches. In certain institution areas such as the living quarters, dining hall, Health Services Department, or library, specific staff may be assigned to conduct a search. Any staff member may be asked to search a specific inmate or area at any time.

Slide 6 - Types of Searches

## III. TYPES OF SEARCHES

Now that we have discussed why searches are performed, sources for additional information, and search conditions, we will move on to the actual steps for conducting various searches.

Slide 7 - Types of Searches - Area Searches

## A. Area Searches

1. Initiate the search

First, determine the type of search to be conducted. You can do this by following your Post Orders and/or contacting your supervisor. In general, searches are performed as follows:

- Daily security inspections are conducted during each shift.
- Searches of living quarters or individual cells are conducted daily on a routine and random basis.
- Searches of other areas (such as UNICOR, education building, electrical shop, library, or yard) are conducted daily on an irregular time schedule.
- Institution grounds inspections are conducted frequently on an irregular schedule.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035885

April 2015
Instructor Guide

Note: Show an Institution Search Log.

If appropriate, determine the specific living quarters/cell to be searched by referring to the unit or area search log book located at the Unit Officer's station. The search log book identifies all areas/cells recently searched and the contraband found and documented by the staff member.

Referring to the unit or area search log book prior to conducting a search may help eliminate different staff searching the same area or cell on different shifts. It also helps to identify other areas in need of searching and reduces the appearance of harassing a particular inmate.

2. Obtain search tools

The right tools make a search job much simpler, safer, and more effective. Used correctly, the recommended tools will help you uncover concealed evidence without putting yourself in danger.

Note: Display tools used in searches.

Obtain any necessary tools before you begin an area search:

- Screwdrivers (Phillips head and flat head) to disassemble equipment or other items.
- Mirrors with a long handle to look under, over, or behind objects.
- A flashlight to see under furniture, equipment, or other dark areas.
- Appropriate keys to open locks and lockers.
- Probing devices to check dense areas such as the ground.
- A mallet to tap items such as bars and grilles. It can also be used to inspect walls where paint chips are detected.
- A putty knife to check window sashes, sills, and bars. The knife can also be used to inspect hidden areas, such as the ledge behind a piece of heavy furniture.
- A hand-held metal detector to find concealed contraband items, such as knives or razor blades in a mattress, pillow, or clothing.

3. Dealing with the presence of inmates

Inmates are not allowed to observe a search or to remain in an area which is being searched. If inmates are in the area to be searched, pat search them and direct them to leave the area.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035886

April 2015
Instructor Guide

Note: Inmate pat searches will be discussed later in this lesson plan.

4. Plan a systematic search process.

Area searches must be conducted in a thorough, systematic manner. They are not random spot checks.

The area search process is detailed and careful preparation is necessary. Think of the plan you will develop as a road map for your area search. Prepare a plan for the area being searched. Be sure the plan is thorough and systematic.

- How do you plan to tackle this assignment? What approach will you take?
- Assess the area to be searched. What is the size of the area? Where are the doors and windows?
- Look over the actual area to be searched. Establish an overall impression and identify anything suspicious. Check all parts of the area thoroughly, but also try to imagine yourself as an inmate. Where would you hide something?
- Select a starting point and determine a systematic approach. You may start anywhere, but search the entire area systematically to ensure thorough coverage. For example, you may enter at the cell door and search from the left, inspecting all items from top to bottom.

5. Inspecting the area and all contents

Note: Describe Typical Hiding Locations.

a. Review search strategy.

Keep the following points in mind as you begin your search:

- Follow your search plan. Even if you find contraband, you must continue searching until you have covered the entire area. Contraband may have been planted in several places. Sometimes, a minor contraband item is planted to bait and distract you from a more serious article.
- Plan to conduct your search so all legitimate articles and bedding may be left as neat and orderly as you found them at the beginning of the search.
- Focus on maintaining your concentration throughout the search. This is a detailed task and it is important you keep your mind on what you are doing.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035887

April 2015
Instructor Guide

Note: Discuss possible distractions.

b. Consider safety.

(1) Concealed contraband.

Inmates may conceal contraband such as needles, razor blades, tattoo paraphernalia, and other sharp objects out of plain view of staff. For this reason, use extreme caution to never run hands along a surface they have not visually inspected, and remember to never put hands or fingers anywhere you cannot see.

Avoid squeezing inmate clothing and laundry items to avoid injury in the event that contraband may be concealed in these items. Always visually inspect, unfold, and shake these items prior to searching. Further prevention strategies include the use of the search tools mentioned above.

If contraband is, in fact, discovered, be cautious. Always use a search tool to pick up needles, razor blades, or other sharp objects. When transporting these types of contraband, continue to use caution by placing the items in a sharps container, when applicable.

(2) Exposure to Bloodborne Pathogens.

Exposed employees must report all exposures to their immediate supervisor as soon as possible. Prompt reporting of exposure incidents ensures timely medical evaluation and follow-up. If evaluation of the circumstances indicates post-exposure treatment, the exposed employee will benefit from the prompt initiation of treatment.

c. Search the area.

Check all movable or installed items and equipment. Use tools as appropriate to search inaccessible areas and protect yourself. For example, use the mirror, probe, or metal detector to check inaccessible areas. Take note of unusual circumstances or needed repairs.

(1) Inspect all furniture. Concentrate on hollow legs, cracks, and crevices; underside; and any upholstered cushions.

- Check beds and upholstered furniture thoroughly.
- Strip the bed. Examine all pillows, sheets, covers, blankets, and the mattress carefully. Check to see if contraband has been pinned or sewn to any item.
- Search the mattress, pillows, and cushions for hard objects. Consider using the metal detector to protect yourself from sharp items such as needles and blades.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035888

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Check the underside of all furniture such as chairs, tables, and stools. Look for taped or stuck items and small holes bored into the wood. Contraband could be plugged into holes by paper or wooden plugs.

(2) Inspect any plumbing fixtures such as toilets, wash basins, shower stalls, water fountains, and ice machines. Concentrate on the legs, cracks, and crevices; the underside and inside of all water-holding devices. Ensure you:

- Flush toilets and look for suspicious water flow.
- Drain water, if possible. Run fresh water to check for contraband hidden in pipes.
- Inspect drains. Remove drain grilles where possible, and look for contraband suspended on thin wire or thread.

(3) Inspect ventilation devices. Remove ventilation grilles where possible and look for contraband suspended on thin wire or thread.

(4) Inspect electrical fixtures. Remove light fixture covers, light bulbs, and electrical face plates.

(5) Inspect doors, windows, bars, and wall surfaces. Concentrate on cracks, crevices, locks, caulking, recent repairs, and bars that have been bent, broken, or tampered with.

(6) Inspect mechanical equipment. Ensure power to equipment is turned off before you open and inspect it.

(7) Inspect all items and materials stored in area.

Ensure you:

- Check all personal items such as picture frames, toothpaste, and medicine containers.
- Look for expired medications or those issued to an inmate other than the one whose locker you are checking. Look for false bottoms and examine contents.
- Check all institution items such as trash cans, brooms, and cleaning utensils/supplies.
- Inspect all packaging, such as soap bars. Ensure the seals have not been tampered with. If seals have been opened, check contents carefully.
- Inspect all books, magazines, and papers within the area. Check the bindings and covers. Look between individual pages.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035889

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Confiscate all contraband found in the area. Remember to follow the proper procedures for the confiscation of contraband and inmate personal property.

**Note: Review procedures for confiscating contraband.**

In outdoor areas concentrate on recently transplanted trees, shrubs, and flowers. Check areas where repairs have caused soil displacement. The dense undergrowth creates an ideal hiding/burial spot.

- Drive probes into the ground in recently planted areas. Investigate suspicious areas.
- Use hand-held metal detectors to check for weapons and other contraband.

6. Leave the area as you found it.

As we discussed, area searches are necessary in institution life. However, a little consideration on your part will go a long way in helping inmates accept the intrusion. Treat their property with respect by:

- Ensuring the area is returned to its original condition as neatly as possible. There should be little evidence that a search was performed.
- Folding bedding items neatly and place them on the bed. Staff members are not required to remake an inmate's bed after removing all bed clothing while conducting a search.
- Replacing personal items to the approximate location they were found prior to the search. Remember that a cell is an inmate's home.

7. Document the search.

Each time you complete a search, you must complete the necessary documentation. Complete a log entry to document your actions and findings. If necessary, write a memorandum and/or an Incident Report.

(1) living quarters

**Note: Display Unit Search Log.**

- If you find contraband, remove it from the living quarters. Tell your supervisor, and determine appropriate actions to take regarding confiscation and disposal of contraband.
- Document your search in the Unit Search Log. (It is important to document the fact that you conducted a search, whether or not you found contraband.) This documentation

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035890

April 2015
Instructor Guide

proves the Bureau of Prisons is doing everything it can to make the institution safe and secure.

**Note: Refer to Appendix.**

If you find hard contraband or contraband of significance, you must document your findings as follows:

- If your finding can be directly attributed to one inmate, complete an Incident Report. In addition, if you know of any recent event or sensitive information that may relate to your finding, write a memorandum to your shift supervisor to support the Incident Report.
- If your finding cannot be attributed to a single inmate, write a memorandum to the Captain through your shift supervisor.

All Incident Reports and memorandums should include the following information:

- Name and register number of the inmate whose cell was searched
- Number of the cell searched
- Name of the officer conducting the search
- Time of search
- List of any contraband discovered
- Disposition of the contraband

(2) areas outside living quarters

- If you find contraband, remove it from the area. Tell your supervisor, and determine appropriate actions to take regarding confiscation and disposal of contraband.

**Note: Explain how to complete a log book entry.**

- Document your search in the area log or lieutenant's log. (It is important to document the fact you conducted a search and whether contraband was found.)
- If you found hard contraband or contraband of significance, write a memorandum. If your finding can be directly attributed to an inmate, complete an Incident Report.

**8. Submit work requests**

During your search, you may find areas that need repair and/or further inspection. Perhaps you noticed plumbing or structural problems. In such cases you should submit a work request.

**Note: Describe local procedures used to submit work orders.**

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035891

April 2015
Instructor Guide

# 9. Practice area search

We have discussed the fundamentals of conducting an area search. Now you will have the opportunity to practice what you have just learned.

Note: Assign the participants to conduct a limited area search of identified areas. Observe the participants as they conduct this exercise to ensure they are using proper search techniques. Provide feedback as needed.

Note: Did you have any problems with completing the area search? Did you find anything which requires an Incident Report, a Work Request, or memorandum? How would you document the area search? Encourage discussion.

Slide 8 - Types of Searches - Pat Searches

# B. Pat searches

1. When to conduct pat searches?
- Staff may conduct a pat search of an inmate on a routine or random basis to control contraband.
- Inmates should be pat searched several times a day at non-scheduled intervals.
- Inmates should be randomly pat searched when they move from one area of the institution to another. For example: pat searches should be conducted during open movements, entering or exiting inmate housing units, when inmates leave a work assignment, or when they return to the work site after a scheduled call-out, religious activity, etc. Inmates must assume a pat search will be conducted at any time and any place. Inmates must be uncertain as to when, where and how they will be questioned and searched.

2. Who conducts pat searches?
A pat search may be conducted by any staff member, at any time, and on any inmate of either gender.

3. Pat Searches of Staff and Inmate Visitors
The following procedures apply to searching staff and inmate visitors, both social and legal, official visitors, contractors, and volunteers, upon entering Bureau grounds or facilities. Persons refusing to submit to or comply with authorized Bureau search procedures will be denied entry or required to leave.

A pat search of an inmate visitor or staff member will be conducted in the same manner as an inmate pat search with the following exceptions:

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035892

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Except in emergencies, pat searches of visitors/staff must be conducted by staff of the same sex as the non-inmate being searched.
- Religious headwear is not considered part of a visitor's/staff's belongings, but rather their person. Random pat searches should NOT ordinarily include removal and inspection of religious headwear. Except in emergencies, Warden authorization is required before staff perform pat or visual searches of religious headwear. Searches of religious headwear should be conducted out of the view of other visitors and inmates.
- Religious headwear that obscures a person's face must be removed sufficiently to reveal the face for identification upon entering and leaving facilities, and does not require the heightened conditions described above or documentation. In these cases, the entire headwear need not be removed if partial removal will reveal the face for identification.
- Staff must be respectful of the belongings of others. Belongings and contents should not be handled carelessly, or in a manner that attracts unnecessary attention by others in the area.
- Staff should not make unnecessary or inappropriate comments regarding their belongings that might cause embarrassment.
- All containers – for example, purses, backpacks, and medication (prescription or over-the-counter)– must be electronically screened or opened and inspected.

Note: Pat Search Video

4. Pat search video

Before we get into the process of a pat search, I want to show you a video on the procedures we will be following. Please observe each step closely as these are the steps we will be following and on which you will be tested.

Note: Direct the participants to remove the Pat Search Job Aids from the Appendix of their manuals.

5. Initiate the pat search

- Determine which inmate is to be searched.
- Determine the location of the search.
- Communicate your intentions to the inmate.

Note: The presence of other inmates should not be a deterrent to performing an effective pat search.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035893

April 2015
Instructor Guide

6. Systematic steps in conducting a pat search

The pat search is conducted utilizing a systematic step-by-step approach to ensure maximum effectiveness. During the performance evaluation, you must complete the pat search in the systematic order taught.

Slide 9 - Types of Searches - Pat Search

7. Conducting the pat search

a. Pat search positioning

While conducting a pat search, staff must remain alert to their surroundings and the inmate at all times. For safety, it is imperative that staff be aware of their positioning as well as the inmate’s positioning throughout the pat search.

(1) Inmate Positioning

- The inmate will face away from the staff member during all hands-on search procedures.
- While facing away from the staff member, the inmate will be instructed to stretch out their arms perpendicular to the inmate’s side and parallel to the ground with palms facing up and fingers spread.
- The staff member will instruct the inmate to place their feet shoulder width apart.
- Throughout the pat search, the inmate will be instructed to turn. While the inmate is turning the staff member remains in place monitoring the inmate’s actions.

(2) Staff Member Positioning

- The staff member will maintain a T-stance while conducting the pat search.
- The staff member’s head should never pass the plane of the inmate’s side. (Example: Do not allow your head to be in a position where the inmate could strike with an elbow, arm or fist).
- Larger inmates may require a staff member to move from one side to the other while searching the chest and waist area. The staff member will stay behind the inmate’s outstretched arms at all times.
- While searching the lower extremities, the staff member should maintain their T-stance while going to one knee. Never place both knees on the ground at the same time.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035894

April 2015
Instructor Guide

b. Removal of inmate’s personal items

- Direct the inmate to remove all items from their pockets. Instruct the inmate to place the items in a specific location (out of reach). Inspect the inmate’s hands to ensure there is no concealed contraband in the hand or between the fingers. When conducting this procedure, observe the inmate’s body language and movements, noting signs of anxiety or any attempt to throw away contraband.
- Direct the inmate to remove any head wear (hats, clips, head bands, barrettes, or hair ornaments) and place it with the items removed from their pockets.

c. Inspect the inmate’s head and neck

As part of a thorough pat search, you will start at the head and work your way down the inmate’s body to the feet. However, there may be times that the inspection of the head will not be necessary.

- Direct the inmate to lean forward and run their fingers vigorously through the hair several times to dislodge any hidden contraband items.

d. Searching the inmate’s arms and upper torso

- Have the inmate turn and face away from you, raise their arms to the side, shoulder high with fingers spread, and palms facing up. From behind, visually look at the inmate’s hands to ensure there is nothing concealed.
- Search the inmate’s collar by placing the collar material between your index finger and thumb, using both hands. Press the material, feeling for hidden contraband. Be sure to cover the entire length of the collar.
- In a systematic method, search one shoulder, arm, and armpit at a time. Begin at the shoulder area with one hand flat against the back of the shoulder and the other flat against the front of the shoulder. Pressing the palms against the inmate’s body and using a sweeping motion, work your hands from the shoulder to the wrist ensuring total coverage of the shoulder, armpit, and length of the arm. While searching the inmate’s arms and upper torso, use a sweeping motion; do not squeeze or give the appearance of groping. Larger inmates may require a staff member to use a rotational sweeping motion in order to ensure all areas are properly searched.
- Repeat this procedure to search the other shoulder, armpit, and arm.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
15
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035895

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- With your palms flat and thumbs aligned on each side of the spine, search the inmate’s back and sides by pressing down as you work your way to the inmate’s belt line. Considering the size of the inmate, this portion of the search may require more than one sweeping motion.
- Go back to the armpit area. With both palms flat against the inmate’s side, using a sweeping motion, search each side simultaneously down to the belt line.

(1) Male Inmate

- Once the back and sides have been completed, search the chest and stomach from behind.
- Place both palms flat on the inmate’s chest, near the top of the chest. In a downward sweeping motion, paying close attention to seams, button areas, and pockets, search to the inmate’s belt line.

(2) Female Inmate

- Have the inmate lower one arm (your choice).
- Place yourself to the side of her lowered arm, place your inside arm (forearm) in a position which affords protection of your groin, preventing the inmate from raising her arm.
- With your outside hand in a position with all four fingers and thumb extended and joined together, and held in a vertical position, place the thumb side of your hand on the chest area starting at or above the sternum. Run your hand downward, circling under the breast, then upwards toward the armpit area, applying enough pressure to detect any contraband.
- Check the abdomen area with the flat palm portion of the searching hand.
- Repeat the above procedures for the other side.

Larger inmates may require a staff member to move from one side to the other while searching the chest. Stay behind the inmate’s outstretched arms at all times.

e. Searching the belt line and waistband areas

- This is a common area to hide sharp items - exercise caution when searching this area!
- With the inmate’s arms raised to the side, shoulder high, search the waistband of the inmate. Standing to the rear of the inmate, reach around the waist and begin at the navel area. Placing the trouser material between your fingers and thumb, pinch the material, working your way from the front to the rear on both sides, simultaneously.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
16
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035896

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Once the waistband has been completed, using the same technique, search the belt.
- Larger inmates may require a staff member to move from one side to the other while searching the belt and waistband. Stay behind the inmate’s outstretched arms at all times.

# Slide 10 - Types of Searches - Pat Search

f. Searching the lower abdomen and groin

- Search the inmate’s lower abdomen and groin area. This is accomplished by placing the palm flat, directly below the inmate’s waistband, on the lower abdomen, with fingers aligned with the zipper. The other hand, the palm is flat, placed directly below the waistband on the inmate’s buttocks. Move your hands downward in a sweeping motion toward the crotch area.
- Pay special attention to the inmate's lower abdomen and crotch, carefully checking seams, waistbands, zippers, and buttons.

**Note:** Explain to the participants to thoroughly search the crotch area, using a sweeping motion; do not squeeze or give the appearance of groping.

g. Searching the legs

- In a systematic method, search one leg at a time. Pressing the palms against the inmate’s leg and using a sweeping motion, work your hands from the crotch area to the ankle. While searching the inmate’s legs, use a sweeping motion; do not squeeze or give the appearance of groping. Larger inmates may require a staff member to use a rotational sweeping motion in order to ensure all areas are properly searched.

h. Searching the socks and shoes

- Inspect the shoe tops, and any area of the leg/ankle covered by socks. If you feel there is contraband, the inmate should be removed to an appropriate area for a visual search.
- Remaining behind the inmate, move to the other side. Repeat the procedure to search the other side of the inmate’s lower abdomen, groin, leg, and shoe.
- Instruct the inmate to lift each foot, one at a time, showing you the bottom of the shoe. Visually inspect the bottoms of the shoes to ensure there is no item of contraband concealed on the bottom. Examine shoes closely for any split soles or removable heels.
- Once the inmate has been searched, have the inmate lower their arms.

i. Inspecting the inmate's possessions

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035897

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Inspect items removed from the inmate's pockets by visually and physically checking each, disassembling as necessary.
- Inspect head wear for concealed items by running your fingers over material, folding down and checking under all hat bands and head bands.
- Direct the inmate to retrieve their personal possessions.
- Release the inmate to their assigned duty.

j. Documenting confiscated contraband

You have learned how to document confiscated contraband. Let's review the forms used in documenting confiscated contraband:

- Confiscation and Disposition of Contraband form
- Incident Report
- Memorandum

Slide 11 - Pat Search Special Concerns

9. Pat search special concerns

a. Casts and artificial limbs

Dangerous weapons, drugs, and money are often concealed in casts and artificial limbs.

- Inspect any plaster cast or artificial limb the inmate may have by using a flashlight and mirror. If you suspect the plaster cast conceals contraband, contact your supervisor for further instructions.
- Inspect any artificial limb the inmate may be wearing by directing them to remove the limb and thoroughly searching the limb and all attaching hardware. This will be done in private.
- Contact the Health Services Department if problems arise when searching inmates with either casts or artificial limbs.

b. Dealing with the inmate

Most inmates accept pat searches as a part of the normal day. Even so, you must:

- Respect the inmate's right to not be harassed.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035898

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Be systematic when performing the pat search.
- Maintain professionalism by conducting all searches in a calm, no-nonsense manner.
- Remain alert at all times. Remember, keeping contraband out depends on how well you do your job. Others depend on you.

c. If you suspect contraband or a weapon

We must ensure our own safety while conducting searches. When contraband is suspected, you should have a second staff member assisting with the search.

(1) Direct the inmate to face away from you with arms extended, palms up, and feet apart.
(2) You may want to instruct the inmate to assume a position against a wall if possible.

- Arms outstretched and palms of the hands on the wall.
- Legs spread more than shoulder width.
- Move feet away from the wall.

(3) Request assistance and have the inmate submit to a visual search.

Note: Direct participants to refer to the Job Aids located in the Appendix.

9. Practice pat search

The instructor will demonstrate the proper pat search technique with a volunteer member of the class or a member of the instructional team. Following the demonstration, each participant should be required to properly perform a thorough pat search on another participant.

Note: The instructor should hide contraband on the person who is being searched. Using the evaluation form located in the Instructor Guide's Appendix to rate the participant's performance and provide feedback.

C. Visual Search

Slide 12 – Visual Search

The intent of the pat search is to control the introduction of contraband in our institutions, ensuring a safe environment for staff and inmates. Pat searches do not detect all contraband; however, this important security procedure will assist in deterring the introduction and movement of contraband. If you suspect the inmate may possess contraband, which you did not detect during your pat search, you should initiate a visual search. We must ensure our own safety while conducting searches. If the staff member conducting the search believes they are

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035899

April 2015
Instructor Guide

at particular risk, they should immediately seek assistance. Staff should not try to remove any contraband from the inmate without a second staff member present.

In a recorded case an inmate undergoing a visual search was found to have a greasy substance around his rectum. A digital and simple instrument search located an item, but the item could not be removed from the inmate's bowels. An x-ray revealed that the item was a small-caliber pistol. When the pistol was finally recovered, it was found that it did not have a trigger guard and that it was fully loaded! The pistol could have discharged at any time. The inmate had received the pistol and inserted it into his rectum while in the Visiting Room. A very alert Correctional Officer performing a professional visual search prevented this weapon from entering the institution.

The visual search is probably the most sensitive search procedure you will conduct. As the name implies, a visual search involves the visual inspection of an inmate's body after all clothing has been removed. Unlike the pat search, staff members should never touch an inmate while conducting a visual search.

Inmates may view visual searches as humiliating and feel it can be a form of harassment.

Visual searches are extremely effective in preventing the introduction and circulation of contraband. As a correctional worker, a visual search is one of the many areas of your job that will test your professionalism.

1. Purpose of a visual search

Visual searches are conducted to protect staff members and inmates by controlling the introduction and conveyance of contraband into the institution.

a. When to conduct visual search

(1) Conduct a visual search when there is reasonable belief that contraband may be concealed on the inmate.

(2) Conduct a visual search when a good opportunity for concealment has occurred.

(3) Based on the security level of the institution, conduct a visual search when an inmate is entering or leaving the:

- Visiting Room
- Institution
- Special Housing Unit

(4) Conduct a visual search when an inmate has been apprehended after an escape or an escape attempt.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035900

April 2015
Instructor Guide

b. Who may conduct a visual search?

(1) A routine visual search is conducted by staff members of the same sex as the inmate.

(2) A staff member of the opposite sex may conduct the search in an emergency situation. The staff member must be fully prepared to articulate their actions and be able to document the conditions and reasons for the opposite sex search. A copy of the report will be placed in the inmate's central file.

2. Systematic steps in conducting a visual search

a. Initiating the visual search

(1) Determine which inmate is to be searched.

(2) Determine where the inmate is to be searched by locating an area out of public view, maintaining the inmate's dignity to the maximum extent possible.

(3) Notify the inmate by verbally stating your intention to visually search them, and direct the inmate to the area where the search will take place.

Slide 13 - Visual Search

b. Conducting the visual search

(1) Direct the inmate to remove all items from clothing pockets.

- Direct the inmate where to place personal items.
- Ensure the items are placed out of reach of the inmate.

(2) Direct the inmate to remove all clothes.

- As the inmate removes their clothes, watch for signs of anxiety or any attempt to throw away contraband.
- Direct the inmate to place their clothes next to the items previously removed from the pockets.

Inspect any artificial limbs the inmate may be wearing by directing the inmate to remove the limb and thoroughly search the limb and all attaching hardware. Dangerous weapons, drugs, and money are often concealed in artificial limbs.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035901

April 2015
Instructor Guide

If the inmate is wearing a cast, ask your supervisor for instructions.

As you conduct the search, look for items taped to the inmate, fresh tattoos, or needle marks. If you encounter any of these situations, you should notify a supervisor upon completing the search.

(3) Visually inspect the inmate's head:

- Direct the inmate to bend forward at the waist, with head tilted down, run their fingers vigorously through their hair several times to dislodge any hidden contraband.

Note: Advise students that inmates with hair that is unable to be searched in this manner will need to be inspected prior to the inmate removing their clothes. This could include dread locks or hair that is too thick to effectively search.

- Visually inspect inside and behind both ears. Use a flashlight, if necessary.
- Visually inspect inside the inmate's nose. Use a flashlight, if necessary.
- Visually inspect inside the inmate's mouth and under the tongue. Use a flashlight, if necessary.
- Direct the inmate to remove dentures/partial plates if applicable.
- If applicable, visually inspect the dentures/partial plates while the inmate holds them.
- Direct the inmate to pull their lower lip out and down. Next, direct the inmate to pull their upper lip out and up. Be certain to inspect the inmate's gum line.
- If applicable, have inmate put dentures/partial plates back in mouth.

(4) Visually examine the inmate's front torso:

- Remain professional, search thoroughly, and maintain your concentration.
- Observe the inmate, looking for cuts, bruises, or any trauma on their body. Report any of these observances to your supervisor upon completing the search.
- If bandages are found during the search, direct the inmate to remove them, or at least lift one side to show that nothing is concealed underneath.
- Direct the inmate to extend their arms forward, palms down, and fingers spread. Examine the back of hands and under the fingernails.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035902

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Direct the inmate to turn their hands over and examine the palms.
- Direct the inmate to raise their arms above their head, with fingers extended and spread. Examine the inmate's armpits and arms.
- If the inmate is a female, direct her to lift her breasts so that you can see if anything is taped or hidden under the breasts.
- If the inmate is obese, direct them to lift the folds of skin so you can see if anything is taped or hidden between the folds.

(5) Visually examine the inmate's groin:

- If the inmate is a male, direct him to spread his legs and lift his genitals so that you can see if anything is hidden or taped under the penis or scrotum. If the inmate is not circumcised, the inmate must pull back the foreskin to expose the head of the penis.
- If the inmate is female, direct her to squat down, spread her vagina, and cough several times to dislodge anything that may be hidden in the vaginal cavity.

(6) Visually examine the front of the inmate's legs and tops of the feet.

Slide 14 – Visual Search

(7) Direct the inmate to turn around and visually examine the inmate's back upper torso.
(8) Visually examine the back of the inmate's legs and bottom of the feet.

Check between the toes by directing the inmate to lift one foot at a time and wiggle the toes.

(9) Have the inmate face away from you and visually examine the inmate's (male and female) anus by directing them to bend over and spread the buttocks. Use a flashlight, if necessary.

A common place for both male and female inmates to hide keys, drugs, and even hacksaw blades, is inside the rectum.

If you suspect contraband, have the inmate squat and cough several times.

- If you find any evidence (a greasy substance around the rectum) that something may be concealed in the anal cavity, call a supervisor immediately.
- Only medical personnel are permitted to conduct body cavity searches, and then only with the permission of the Warden.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035903

April 2015
Instructor Guide

(10) Search the inmate and clothing with a hand-held metal detector.

- Inspect the inmate's clothes by running your hands over the material, turning the garments inside-out, and examining zippers, buttons, seams, cuffs, and hat bands. In addition, a hand-held metal detector will be utilized when checking the inmate's clothing.
- Examine the soles, heels, and insides of the shoes, looking for false heels, hollow compartments, or items hidden inside the shoes. In addition, a hand-held metal detector will be utilized when checking the inmate's shoes.

(11) Examine the items that were removed from the inmate's pockets.
(12) Direct the inmate to retrieve their clothing and get dressed. Release the inmate to their assigned duty.

Slide 15 - Visual Search

c. Documentation

Document the confiscated contraband using:

- Confiscation and Disposition of Contraband form
- Incident Report
- Memorandum

d. Professionalism during visual searches

- Respect the inmate's right to not be harassed.
- Be systematic by performing the visual search in the same way every time.
- Maintain professionalism by conducting all searches in a calm, no-nonsense manner.
- Remain alert at all times. Remember, keeping contraband out of the institution depends on how well you do your job. Others depend on you.

e. Visual search scramble test

The visual search scramble test will check your understanding of the sequence of events necessary to perform a proper visual search. Number each step in proper sequence 1 through 12, 1 being the first step and 12 being the last.

Note: Have the participants remove the Visual Search Scramble Test from their Appendix, close their manuals, and put away all study aids. After all of the participants have finished taking the test, grade the tests and provide feedback on their performance.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035904

April 2015
Instructor Guide

# IV. SEARCHES OF CROSS-GENDER INMATES

Slide 16 – Cross-Gender Searches

Currently, all staff may pat search inmates. Guidance for pat searches of transgender inmates is provided in conjunction with the implementation of PREA standard 115.15. Pat searches should be conducted in a professional and respectful manner and in the least intrusive manner as possible consistent with security needs.

Individual transgender or intersex inmates will present different physical characteristics, which may change over the course of incarceration. Staff members should be mindful of these characteristics when conducting pat searches, and adjust procedures accordingly. For example, if a transgendered inmate has or develops breasts, staff should use the back of the hand to conduct a search of this area, as is appropriate for female inmates.

A transgendered inmate with breast removal would indicate the use of male pat search procedures for the upper torso area.

A. Female Inmates

For a facility whose rated capacity does not exceed 50 inmates, cross-gender pat-down searches of female inmates are not permitted absent exigent circumstances. Facilities shall not restrict female inmates’ access to regularly available programming or other out-of-cell opportunities in order to comply with this provision.

B. Documentation of Cross-Gender Searches

Institutions must document all cross-gender strip searches and cross-gender visual body cavity searches, and shall document all cross-gender pat-down searches of female inmates.

Cross-gender strip searches or cross-gender visual body cavity searches (meaning a search of the anal or genital opening) are not permitted except in exigent circumstances or when performed by medical practitioners.

If there are any questions as to the appropriate search procedures for a transgendered inmate, please consult supervisory staff.

# V. REVIEW OF OBJECTIVES

Slide 17 – Review of Objectives

In review of our objectives, we have:

- Identified the purpose and importance of conducting searches.

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035905

April 2015
Instructor Guide

- Identified the general guidelines for conducting searches.
- Given an inmate’s living area, an institution space or open area, and search equipment, each participant conducted pat and area searches.
- Identified the proper sequence of steps used in conducting a visual search, as delineated in this course of instruction.

## VI. SUMMARY

### Slide 18 - Summary

There are several reasons why searches are conducted. The most important is that searches help to protect staff, inmates, and the general public. Searches help us to maintain a safer working environment for all. When conducting searches, it is important to be thorough and systematic in your procedures.

As a correctional worker, remember:

- Conducting searches is every correctional worker’s duty and responsibility.
- We conduct searches to prevent escapes by controlling the introduction and conveyance of contraband into the institution.
- Searches help ensure a safe working environment for yourself and other staff members and a safe living environment for inmates.

### Slide 19 – Thank You

Note: Upon completion of the summary, ensure each participant had an opportunity to participate in all three performance evaluations (area search, pat search, and visual scramble test).

Introduction to Correctional Techniques
Phase I
Conducting Searches
Tab 22
EFTA00035906