DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | Boston Area Office  |

Interview of

On June 15, 2021, Senior Special Agent and Special Agent , U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), conducted a voluntary interview of Discipline Hearing Officer , Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), Federal Correctional Institution (FCI) Fort Dix, New Jersey, within the FCI Fort Dix West Side Administrative Building. The interview was conducted in reference to an official OIG investigation surrounding the death of BOP inmate Jeffrey Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) located in New York, New York. was the Captain at the MCC New York when Epstein was housed within the MCC New York. The interview was recorded, and the recording has been transcribed. The audio files, interview transcript, and documents discussed with during the interview are attached to this report.

# Attachments

1. Two audio recordings of the interview of conducted on June 15, 2021.
2. Transcribed interview of the recorded interview of conducted on June 15, 2021.
3. OIG Warnings and Assurances Form signed by dated June 15, 2021.
4. MCC New York Daily Assignment Roster from August 9, 2019.
5. MCC New York Daily Assignment Roster from August 10, 2019.
6. MCC New York Count documentation from August 9, 2019, at 4 p.m.
7. MCC New York Count documentation from August 9, 2019, at 10 p.m.
8. MCC New York Count documentation from August 10, 2019, at 12 a.m.
9. MCC New York Count documentation from August 10, 2019, at 3 a.m.
10. MCC New York Count documentation from August 10, 2019, at 5 a.m.
11. Map Layout of the MCC New York Special Housing Unit.
12. Email from dated July 30, 2019.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | Senior Special Agent |  | Assistant Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00035799