Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 7/28/19 8:58 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Subject: Re: Suicide Watch/Psych Observation Update

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 07/28/2019 08:58 &gt;&gt;&gt;
Thanks!

I'll let the Lt.s' know to move him.

&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt; 7/28/2019 8:56 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Can you not just move him to another cell? He will not have lunch in Attorney Conference. He will go back to his cell to eat. He knows this.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 7/28/19 8:52 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:
Cc:
Subject: Re: Suicide Watch/Psych Observation Update

&gt;&gt;&gt; " 07/28/2019 08:52 &gt;&gt;&gt;
He also complained that he is in Attorney Conference from about 8 AM to about 8 PM each day and he said yesterday he only received one meal, a sandwich at about 4:15 PM. He said he should be getting lunch and dinner.

Also additional information on the toilet that reportedly flushed for 45 minutes. He stated to avoid the toilet from doing that again because he stated he found it so aversive and disorienting, he has been urinating in a cup. I already sent an e-mail to Mr. [redacted] about the toilet.

&gt;&gt;&gt; &gt; 7/28/2019 7:51 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
Good morning,

Thank you.

Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone

Original message
From:
Date: 7/28/19 7:49 AM (GMT-05:00)
To:

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00012629
EFTA00034838

Cc: _______________________________

Subject: Fwd: Suicide Watch/Psych Observation Update

&gt;&gt;&gt; "____________________" 07/28/2019 07:49 &gt;&gt;&gt;

AW _____________________________,

Inmate Epstein seems psychologically stable.

He complained that his right arm was numb and hanging earlier. Nurse __________ saw him.

He again said his right arm still feels somewhat numb and he said he cannot make a fist with that hand. He also said he has numbness on his neck. I informed Nurse __________.

He stated the toilet in his cell was running for 45 minutes last night and he could not take the noise. He is going to try the toilet before going to legal today and if it does not shut off, he will be moved to another cell.

Thanks,

&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________ 7/28/2019 7:36 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Inmate _____________________________ is being taken off of Psych Observation.

Suicide Watch

None

Psych Observation

1. Epstein #76318-054

Pending Bedspace for SHU

1, _____________________________

Thank you,

CONFIDENTIAL

SDNY_00012630

EFTA00034839