U.S. Department of Justice

Federal Bureau of Prisons

Office of the Warden

Metropolitan Correctional Center

New York, New York 10007

(646) 836-6300, (646) 836-7551 (Fax)

August 10, 2019

SENT VIA EMAIL

The Honorable Colleen McMahon, Chief Judge

The Honorable Richard M. Berman, District Judge

Daniel Patrick Moynihan United States Courthouse

New York, New York 10007-1312

Re: EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, Federal Register No. 76318-054
United States v. Jeffrey Epstein, 19-cr-00490-RMB

Dear Chief Judge McMahon and Judge Berman:

I am writing to notify the Court of the death of Jeffrey Epstein, who passed away Saturday, August 10, 2019, at around 7:37 a.m.

Mr. Epstein had been found unresponsive in his cell in the Special Housing Unit at around 6:30 am from an apparent suicide at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) in New York, New York. Responding staff immediately initiated life-saving measures and requested emergency medical services (EMS), by whom Mr. Epstein was transported to a local hospital for treatment of life-threatening injuries. Mr. Epstein was pronounced dead at the New York Presbyterian-Lower Manhattan Hospital in New York, New York.

At this time, there are no preliminary reports identifying the exact cause of death. An autopsy is pending, and we expect to have more information as to the cause of death from the medical examiner in the near future. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is actively investigating the incident.

EFTA00035425

MCC New York will provide an update to the Court as soon as the autopsy is completed and the official cause of death is determined. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to call me at [redacted]. Thank you for your time and attention to this matter.

Sincerely,

Warden
MCC New York

cc:
[redacted]
Martin Weinberg and Reid Weingarten, Counsel for Mr. Epstein

EFTA00035426