DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | New York Field Office  |

Interview of [redacted], former Signet Electronic Systems Inc. employee

On September 22, 2021, Special Agent [redacted] and Assistant Special Agent in Charge [redacted], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), conducted a voluntary telephonic interview of [redacted], former employee of Signet Electronic Systems, Inc., Norwell, Massachusetts. The interview was conducted in reference to an official OIG investigation surrounding the death of BOP inmate [redacted] Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed at the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC) New York, New York. [redacted] was the Senior Customer Support Representative assisting MCC New York with their camera system technical support and upgrades. The interview was recorded, and the recording has been transcribed. The interview transcript and document discussed with [redacted] during the interview is attached to this report. The audio recorded interview has been saved separately to the case file due to its large file size.

## Attachments:

1. Transcribed interview of the recorded interview of [redacted] conducted on August 8, 2021.
2. Signet Service Request #24975 dated August 8, 2019 for MCC New York.

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [redacted] | Special Agent | [redacted] | Assistant Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00035801