To:
From:
Sent: Fri 8/16/2019 5:43:50 PM
Subject: Re: Fwd: Re: Interviews (Out of office reply)

Please be advised, I will be away from the institution as of Monday, August 12, returning on Tuesday, September 3, 2019. I will not have access to this e-mail account during that time. If this is an emergency, please contact the Lieutenant's Office at Ext. 6450. If this matter pertains to a psychology-related issue, please contact:

- Ext. 6354
- Ext. 6424

Very respectfully,

Ph.D.
Forensic Psychologist
LT, U.S. Public Health Service
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

If you have e-mailed to refer an inmate whom you believe may be at risk for self harm, this e-mail is not sufficient. Please maintain constant visual observation of the inmate or arrange, via the Operations Lieutenant, to initiate a Suicide Watch pending a formal Suicide Risk Assessment by a Psychologist. Please also make immediate verbal contact with a Psychologist. If it is after hours, please notify the Operations Lieutenant so that the on-call Psychologist can be contacted.

"This message is intended for official use and may contain SENSITIVE information. If this message contains SENSITIVE information, it should be properly delivered, labeled, stored, and disposed of according to policy."

&gt;&gt;&gt; 08/16/19 13:43 &gt;&gt;&gt;

Good afternoon,

Per the below, OIG would like to interview you regarding the incident last weekend involving EPSTEIN, Jeffrey, reg. no. 76318-054. Please call Special Agent at at your convenience.

Thank you,

Supervisory Staff Attorney
CLC New York
Metropolitan Correctional Center
150 Park Row
New York, New York 10007

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00011885
EFTA00034660

&gt;&gt;&gt; 8/16/2019 1:41 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Per the attached OIG would like to interview the following staff members.

&gt;&gt;&gt; " M. (OIG)" &lt; 8/16/2019 12:56 PM &gt;&gt;&gt;

Nurse

Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos.

Special Agent
Office of the Inspector General
1 Battery Park Plaza, 29th floor
New York, NY 10004
Cell
Office
@USDOJ.GOV

&gt; On Aug 16, 2019, at 12:34 PM, &lt; wrote:
&gt;
&gt; Medical Staff?
&gt;
&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; " M. (OIG)" &lt; 8/16/2019 11:25 AM &gt;&gt;&gt;
&gt;
&gt; We are available at all times for the medical staff interviews today, if they are willing to agree to a voluntary interview.
&gt;
&gt; Sent from mobile device, please excuse typos.
&gt;
&gt; Special Agent
&gt; Office of the Inspector General
&gt; 1 Battery Park Plaza, 29th floor
&gt; New York, NY 10004
&gt; Cell
&gt; Office
&gt; @USDOJ.GOV

CONFIDENTIAL
SDNY_00011886
EFTA00034661