FD-1121 (Rev. 08-17-15)
UNCLASSIFIED
^{}[]
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Laboratory Examination Request
^{}[]
Title: (U) Request for Laboratory Examinations
Date: 07/31/2020
^{}[]
From: NEW YORK
NY-C19
Contact: [redacted], 212-384-5000
^{}[]
Approved By: A/SSA [redacted]
^{}[]
Drafted By: [redacted]
^{}[]
Case ID #: 90A-NY-3151227
(U) UNSUB(S);
JEFFREY EPSTEIN - VICTIM;
DEATH INVESTIGATION
^{}[]
Synopsis: (U) The Laboratory Division is requested to perform the examination services listed below.
^{}[]
Details: (U)
^{}[]
NARRATIVE:
^{}[]
On Wednesday, September 25, 2019, Special Agent (SA) [redacted] received a phone call from Bureau of Prisons Special Investigative Section (SIS) Lieutenant (LT) Tijuana Doctor regarding a letter that was received by the Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC). The letter was a "return to sender" and the following was written at the top left corner of the letter:
^{}[]
J. Epstein
Manhattan Correctional
NYC NY 10007
^{}[]
The letter was postmarked NOVA 220 13 August 2019 and was addressed to Larry Nassar at 9300 S. Wilmot Road, Tucson, Arizona, 85756. This address is that of another Federal Bureau of Prisons facility. The reason for the "return to sender" was the addressee was "no longer at this address".
^{}[]
UNCLASSIFIED
^{}[]
SDNY_00017823
^{}[]
EFTA00035759

UNCLASSIFIED

FBI New York requests the Laboratory perform a handwriting analysis comparing the letter received from MCC and the handwriting of Jeffrey Epstein to conclude if the individual who wrote the letter was Epstein or another unknown person. Handwriting samples from Jeffrey Epstein's cell at MCC will be submitted along with the letter in question (in 1A envelope 1A65).

PERSONS OF INTEREST: Jeffrey Epstein
DEADLINES: October 30, 2020. The trial for this investigation will be starting in early January 2021 and the evidence that is submitted to the Laboratory for this examination may be needed for trial.

EVIDENCE:
Select from the options below:

|  X | Physical evidence is being submitted to the Laboratory
(please use the evidence card to select the specific evidence items pertaining to this request)  |
| --- | --- |
|   | Electronic evidence is being forwarded to the Laboratory (either attached or via email)  |
|   | This is a request for Laboratory services with no evidence being submitted  |

EXAMINATION REQUEST:
Select an option:

|   | The Laboratory should conduct all exams deemed appropriate  |
| --- | --- |
|  X | The Laboratory should conduct only the exams specified in this request (note that some exams will preclude other exams in the future)  |
|  X | The Laboratory should contact the author to discuss exams  |

UNCLASSIFIED

SDNY_00017824

EFTA00035760

UNCLASSIFIED

If DNA is requested, select an option:
Due to the amount of DNA present, it may be necessary to consume the associated sample during the examination process. Where possible, examiners will try to preserve items/stains for future re-examination.

|   | Permission is granted to consume items/stains during the DNA testing process  |
| --- | --- |
|   | Permission is NOT granted to consume items/stains during the DNA testing process  |
|   | Contact the author to discuss permission to consume items/stains during the DNA testing process  |

Evidence:

|  Item / Type | Barcode | Description | Collected On | Discovery Area/Specific  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  1B39 General | E6516238 | (U) One red rope containing papers. | 08/10/2019 | L-Tier, Special Housing Unit, Cell #220
L-Tier, Special Housing Unit, Cell #220  |

UNCLASSIFIED

SDNY_00017825

EFTA00035761