DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE | OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL

# MEMORANDUM OF INVESTIGATION

|  Case Number: | Reporting Office:  |
| --- | --- |
|  2019-010614 | New York Field Office  |

Interview of [REDACTED], Lieutenant, Federal Bureau of Prisons

On September 1, 2021, Special Agent [REDACTED] and Assistant Special Agent in Charge [REDACTED], U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General (OIG), conducted a voluntary interview of [REDACTED], Lieutenant, Federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP), Metropolitan Correctional Center (MCC), New York, at MCC New York. The interview was conducted in reference to an official OIG investigation surrounding the death of BOP inmate Jeffrey Epstein, Register Number 76318-054, who was previously housed at the MCC New York. [REDACTED] was an Operations Lieutenant at MCC New York when Epstein was housed within MCC New York in July and August 2019. The interview was recorded, and the recording has been transcribed. The interview transcript and documents discussed with [REDACTED] during the interview are attached to this report. The audio recorded interview has been saved separately to the case file due to its large file size.

## Attachments:

1. Transcribed interview of the recorded interview of [REDACTED] conducted on June 14, 2021.
2. OIG Warnings and Assurances Form signed by [REDACTED] on August 5, 2019.
3. Lieutenant Log emailed by [REDACTED] on August 10, 2019.
4. Lieutenant Log emailed by [REDACTED] on August 6, 2019.
5. MCC Lieutenant Activity Report and Daily Log for August 9, 2019.
6. MCC Lieutenant Activity Report and Daily Log for August 10, 2019.
7. MCC Daily Assignment Roster for August 9, 2019.
8. MCC Daily Assignment Roster for August 10, 2019.
9. Email dated August 8, 2019, from USMS [REDACTED] to MCC R&amp;D.
10. Email dated August 9, 2019, from USMS [REDACTED] to MCC staff.
11. Email dated August 8, 2019, from CO [REDACTED] to MCC staff.
12. Inmate Leonardo Fernandez Inmate Quarters History Report.
13. MCC Daily Log for August 9, 2019.
14. Email dated August 9, 2019, from [REDACTED] to [REDACTED]
15. Memo written by [REDACTED] dated August 12, 2019.
16. MCC 10 p.m. Count Documents for August 9, 2019
17. MCC 12 a.m. Count Documents for August 19, 2019
18. MCC SHU 30 Minutes Round Sheets for August 10, 2019
19. MCC Supervisor Rounds for August 9 &amp; 10, 2019

|  Prepared By: | Preparer Title: | Reviewed By: | Reviewer Title:  |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
|   | Special Agent |  | Assistant Special Agent in Charge  |
|  Signature: |   | Signature:  |   |
|  |   |   |   |

OIG Form III-210/4 (09/06/2018) This document contains neither recommendations nor conclusions of the IG. It is the property of the IG and is loaned to your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed outside of your agency.

EFTA00035808

20. Email dated August 12, 2019, from [redacted] to Captain [redacted].

Memorandum of Investigation

Case Number: 2019-010614

Page 2

EFTA00035809