U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Metropolitan Correctional Center
New York, NY
August 10, 2019

MEMORANDUM FOR FILE
METROPOLITAN CORRECTIONAL CENTER

FROM:
[REDACTED]

SUBJECT: Inmate Epstein, Jeffery Reg. No. 76318-054

This memorandum is in regards of inmate Epstein, Jeffery Reg. No. 76318-054. On August 9, 2019, I spoke with inmate Epstein concerning him making a call to his family. I told inmate Epstein I was leaving the facility around 7:00 p.m. Inmate Epstein agreed to shorten his attorney visitation to make his social call. I escorted inmate Epstein to Special Housing Unit around 7:00 p.m. I placed inmate Epstein in the shower on (G) Tier and escorted the phone for him to make a social call. I placed the phone in the first jack to the left on G tier. Inmate Epstein explain to me that he didn't have his phone set up to use his Pac and Pin number. I asked inmate Epstein who he was calling, he stated his mother. I remember dialing a number starting with 347, but the number was note notated. Inmate Epstein began talking on the phone. I told the staff to end inmate Epstein's call after 15 minutes. They complied.

EFTA00035211

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT MEMORANDUM

Metropolitan Correctional Center, New York, New York

DATE: August 10th, 2019

TO: Lieutenant [redacted]

FROM: [redacted], Correctional Officer [redacted]

SUBJECT: Response to Institution

On August 10, 2019 at approximately 8:45 am I, Officer [redacted], responded to MCC NY at the request of the Operations Lieutenant for emergency hospital detail. Upon arriving I was detail to New York Presbyterian hospital room A9 in emergency room where inmate Epstein, Jeffrey # 76318-054 remains where located. I was responsible for watching the remains until further instruction was given along with another correctional officer. Shortly thereafter Institution Duty Officer (IDO) arrived and took command of detail. The timeline for detail is as followed (times are approximate)

1030 Remains was prepared by hospital staff to be moved to hospital morgue
1045 Hospital staff escort remains to hospital morgue area cooling unit
1050 Area is ensured as secure by officers on detail at direction of IDO
1135 IDO communicates with Director Wiggins of Office of City Medical Examiner (OCME) in regards to receiving remains to be transported to city morgue
1137 A/W notified by IDO
1138 IDO attempts to communicate with Director Wiggins of OCME (left message)
1139 IDO receives return communication from Director Wiggins (OCME)
1204 IDO receives communication from A/W
1208 IDO receives communication from A/W in regards to instruction on remains
1210 IDO communicates with Director Wiggins of OCME and coordinate movement
1257 Staff from OCME depart from New York Presbyterian hospital and transport remains to city morgue location
1303 Hospital detail staff arrive back at MCC New York

[redacted]

Federal Correction Officer
US Dept of Justice
Federal Bureau of Prisons
MCC-NewYork

EFTA00035212

From: Elissa Visoky &lt;&gt;
To: &lt;&gt;
Date: 8/10/2019 8:31 PM
Subject: Last contact with Epstein

I visited inmate Epstein in SHU on Thursday. He was getting ready to meet with his attorneys for the day so I had gone to visit him right after the SHU meeting. He had a cell mate at the time with whom I saw him interact with. He did not report any mental health concerns and he denied any suicidal thoughts or intention. He was asking this writer to go to general population and was making requests for various needs he had at the time. He wanted social calls without them being on a speaker phone. He wanted a book he had left in the suicide watch area. His mood was not depressed or anxious. There were no signs of distress. He had planned on meeting with his attorneys to work on his legal situation.

Sent from my iPhone

EFTA00035213