Page 1

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

IN RE: OPERATION LEAP YEAR

Federal Grand Jury, 07-103
West Palm Beach, Florida
February 27, 2007

APPEARANCES:
____________________, ESQUIRE
Assistant United States Attorney
____________________
Foreperson

TESTIMONY
OF
____________________

ORIGINAL

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009448

Page 2

The sworn testimony of  [redacted]

was taken before the Federal Grand Jury, West Palm Beach Division, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, State of Florida, on the 27th day of February, 2007.

[redacted], Court Reporter, was authorized to and did report the sworn testimony.

EFTA00009449

Page 3

(The witness entered the grand jury room.)

having been duly sworn by the grand jury foreperson,
was examined and testified on her oath as follows:

EXAMINATION

BY [redacted]:

Q Good morning, special agent [redacted]. Could
you restate and spell your name for the record.

A It's [redacted], [redacted].

Q Can you remind the grand jury who you are
employed by?

A The FBI.

Q I know that you testified here a few weeks ago.
Was there anything from that testimony that you wanted to
correct?

A I did. I was asked by one of you Mr. Epstein's
age, and I confused him with another individual in another
one of my cases. His birthdate is January 20, 1953. We
are looking at the time period of 2004 and 2005. So
Mr. Epstein would have been about 51 or 52-years-old, and
I believe I told you he was 45. So at the time we're
looking during this investigation, he is 51 or 52.

Q Agent [redacted], how did this case first come
to the attention of the police?

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009450

Page 4

A In March of 2005, [redacted], our youngest identified victim -- her [redacted] called the Palm Beach police department and reported that she believed that her stepdaughter had been molested by a male that resided in the town of Palm Beach.

Q So today we are going to talk about [redacted]?
A Yes.

Q And we are using her initial to protect her identity, correct?
A Yes.

Q Can you tell the grand jury [redacted] date of birth?
A [redacted] birthday is [redacted].

Q And you mentioned that the call came in from [redacted] in March of 2005, correct?
A Yes.

Q So how old was [redacted] at that time?
A She was 14.

Q Where does [redacted] live?
A [redacted] lives in the [redacted] area here in Palm Beach County.

Q At the time, in 2005, what school was she attending?
A [redacted].

Q What year was she in school?

EFTA00009451

Page 5

A She was a ninth-grader there.

Q You mentioned that her [redacted] called the Palm Beach police department. What did the police department do in response to that call?

A They wanted to interview [redacted]. I believe it was the next day they went out to where [redacted] was attending school at that time, which I think was [redacted]. They interviewed [redacted] at [redacted] and wanted to get her side of what took place.

Q Because we'll be referring to this throughout, what was the name of the detective who conducted that first interview?

A Detective [redacted].

Q So in March of 2005, detective [redacted] talked with [redacted]. Was [redacted] ever interviewed at any other times?

A Yes. She was interviewed -- they talked to her again. She placed some controlled calls for them later that month, we will talk about that later. As well as she was interviewed about a year later in July of 2006. Not interviewed, but she testified before the grand jury for the State of Florida. So she was interviewed by detective [redacted] in March of 2005, and then about a year or three or four months later, in July of 2006, she testified before a grand jury with the State of Florida.

Q In preparation for your appearance today, did

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009452

Page 6

you have a chance to interview ?

A Yes, I did.

Q And when was that?

A Last night.

Q Back in March of 2005, you mentioned that
detective met with on or more than one
occasion?

A Yes.

Q If you could give us sort of an overview of what
reported during these interviews, and then if there
are specific discrepancies or differences, we will return
to those later.

A All right. On February 5, 2005, it was a
Saturday, and . was at house, . She
was there with her boyfriend, . And because these
are minors, we'll refer to them without using their last
names, so I'll use those initials.

They were at residence, and . is
boyfriend, which is also cousin. So they
were all at house, and was on the phone with
an individual that refers to as the assistant.

described the assistant as a tall blonde.
So throughout I'll refer to her as the blonde lady, if
that's okay. was unable to recall her name. So
is on the phone with the assistant for Jeffrey

EFTA00009453

Page 7

Epstein.

☐ and ☐ overhear ☐ on the phone describing ☐. ☐ describing ☐ to the lady on the phone. So when ☐ gets off the phone, ☐ and ☐ both want to know why ☐ was being described to this lady on the phone. ☐ becomes upset when ☐ asks ☐ if she would like to go to Palm Beach and give a man a massage that she knows. ☐ agrees, and this upsets ☐, and an argument ensues where ☐ and ☐ go into the bathroom and they argue outside the presence of ☐.

Q Let me stop you there. Was ☐ supposed to be paid for giving this massage?

A Yes. ☐ told ☐ that she would be paid $200 or $300, I believe.

Q You mentioned that ☐ is ☐ , and ☐ is also ☐ , correct?

A Yes.

Q What was ☐ idea about why they were arguing?

A She has told us that she believed that ☐ must have known what ☐ was doing for this man and the work that ☐ did for Mr. Epstein, and that is why ☐ was so upset.

Q So ☐ knew that this wasn't just a regular

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009454

Page 8

1 massage that was going to take place?
2 A Yes.
3 Q So [redacted] and [redacted] have this argument. What does
4 [redacted] decide to do?
5 A [redacted] decides to go.
6 Q Because she wanted to make the $200 or $300?
7 A Yes.
8 Q So tell us then what happened after that
9 meeting?
10 A The next day, February 6 -- they discussed that
11 evening about going the next day. We do have on [redacted]
12 phone records two calls that were placed. One was placed
13 to [redacted] cell phone, and the other was placed to
14 Jeffrey Epstein's residence the night of February 5.
15 The next day [redacted] is contacted a couple of times
16 before [redacted] arrives. Each time prior to [redacted] being
17 contacted by [redacted], a call is placed by [redacted] to [redacted]
18 cell phone. [redacted], I should tell you, is
19 Jeffrey's assistant.
20 So on Sunday a call was placed to [redacted],
21 and then shortly after that a call was made to [redacted]. That
22 same series occurs again, but this time [redacted] places a
23 call to Mr. Epstein's residence, and then [redacted] is called
24 again.
25 Eventually, [redacted] comes to [redacted] residence with

EFTA00009455

Page 9

another girl in the car, [redacted]. So the two of them arrive at [redacted] residence, and they continue over to Mr. Epstein's house.

Q [redacted] is driving with [redacted] and [redacted]. Do you know how they were sitting?

A You know, I'm not sure how they were sitting, but I know that it was a pickup truck that [redacted] drove, and [redacted] was the driver. I'm not sure exactly the placement of the other two girls, but they were in the truck.

Q And [redacted] was able to describe how they travelled to the island of Palm Beach?

A Yes. She gave directions -- you know, the best that she could on how she was able to come to Mr. Epstein's residence.

Q Once they arrived at the residence, what happened?

A I should have mentioned that either the night before or the day of, there were some things that [redacted] tells [redacted]. One, she tells [redacted] that she is to tell, if asked, that she is 18-years-of-age, that she attends high school, that she's in the 12th grade, and I believe it was [redacted] that she was to say that she went to.

Talking to [redacted] last night, [redacted] told us that

Copy 10813

EFTA00009456

Page 10

once she arrived at the residence [REDACTED] tells her that she may possibly be asked to take her clothes off. She also tells her that she can stay in her bra, but she may be asked to take her clothes off. And [REDACTED] told us last night that that's when she knew for the first time that she might have to possibly remove her clothes.

At this point they proceed to enter the residence. [REDACTED] describes him as a security person. He approached and asked what they were doing there, and [REDACTED] said they were there to see Mr. Epstein, or see Jeffrey. He allowed them entry into the kitchen area by the pool, and [REDACTED] describes that area. So now [REDACTED], [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] are all sitting in the kitchen. A short time goes by and Mr. Epstein, as well as the assistant, enter the kitchen.

Q And I know that you mentioned that [REDACTED] did not know the name of the lady who was there in the kitchen, correct?

A Right.

Q She just described her as a blonde, tall lady?

A Yes.

Q Was [REDACTED] also interviewed about what happened that day?

A She was interviewed by the Palm Beach police department.

EFTA00009457

Page 11

Q Did [redacted] identify the person who was on the phone with her as [redacted]?
A Yes, she did.
Q So even though [redacted] doesn't know her name, [redacted] knew [redacted] name?
A Yes.
Q So you mentioned that the three girls are in the kitchen, along with Jeffrey and the person [redacted] calls the blonde lady?
A Yes.
Q What happened then?
A [redacted] follows the blonde lady upstairs to Mr. Epstein's bedroom. The blonde lady proceeds to take out a massage table and set it up, prepare it. She also takes out some lotions to be used during the massage. [redacted] told me last night that the blonde lady asked her to remove her clothing, and then left the room and said that Mr. Epstein would be in shortly.
Q What happened after she left the room?
A Shortly after that, Mr. Epstein does come into the room and shakes [redacted] hand. [redacted] told us last night that Mr. Epstein told her to remove her clothing. He leaves the room and comes back in just a towel, and he tells her again to -- she is at that point -- when he walked in the first time she had on her bra and her pants.

Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009458

Page 12

When he comes back in, he tells her that she needs to take her pants off. So she took her pants off. So now she's in her bra and underwear.

Q At some point did [redacted] tell any of the people who interviewed her what was running through her mind?

A She stated at one point that she was upstairs with him, with the man, and that [redacted] was downstairs. I guess she says, "What could [redacted] do? She's downstairs, I'm upstairs." So she did what she was asked to do.

Q So now you mention that Mr. Epstein is here wearing just a towel, and [redacted] has removed both her shirt and her pants, is that correct?

A Yes.

Q Tell us what happens then?

A Mr. Epstein gets on the massage table lying on his stomach and instructs [redacted] how to do the massage. He tells her to put some lotion on her hand and instructs her on how to actually perform the massage. At one point during the massage he tells [redacted] that she would be more comfortable to get on top of him, so [redacted] gets on top of him and straddles Mr. Epstein's back.

The way [redacted] describes it is Mr. Epstein is laying on the table, he has a towel covering his bottom, and she is straddling him with her bottom touching the towel and some skin touching his lower back. She was kind

EFTA00009459

Page 13

of sitting -- it sounds like sitting on his rear end, but
with part of her skin touching him -- the front of him,
but he had a towel across his bottom.

Q What happens as she is providing the massage to
his back?

A The massage goes on. She said the entire
massage lasted anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes. At one
point Mr. Epstein excuses himself for a few minutes, one
or two minutes briefly. states that she can hear
Mr. Epstein , and states that she
believes he was, in her words,
. She didn't say she said
I am going to use that she believes he was

Then he returns. At this point he gets back on
the table lying on his back and asks her to start
massaging his chest. So she begins to massage his chest.

Q Does he keep the towel on?

A No, at this point the towel is removed. When he
comes back and he gets back on the table, the towel is
removed and she is massaging his chest.

Q What does he do as she is massaging his chest?

A He . So he
on the table. He asked , at
some point during this time, if she would like to make an

Com 1 of 13
EFTA00009460

Page 14

extra $100. He tells her that it would not involve doing
a massage. [redacted] agrees. He asked her if he could [redacted],
and she does agree. [redacted] describes it as
a [redacted], and she
said this goes on for about ten minutes.

At some point during that massage [redacted]
describes him [redacted].

Q What did she say happened when Mr. Epstein
[redacted].

A The [redacted]. At some point he does
[redacted]. And these are her words. She
looks at him kind of funny, and he sarcastically -- which
is her word -- he sarcastically says, "What's the matter?"
And she at that point just kind of looks away, and he
continues on with [redacted]. In the last
three to four minutes of that, he [redacted].

At the conclusion of the sexual activity,
Mr. Epstein [redacted]. [redacted] was
asked if [redacted] She [redacted]
but saw him [redacted].

Q Was [redacted] able to provide a physical description
of Mr. Epstein?

A Yes.

EFTA00009461

Page 15

Q Including of [redacted]?
A Yes.
Q Was she also able to provide a description of her surroundings in that massage area?
A Yes.
Q Was that description accurate?
A Yes. According to other testimony we have gotten from other victims, yes.
Q And a search was performed on Mr. Epstein's house?
A Yes. The Palm Beach police department did perform a search, and several of the items that were described were found in the house.
Q After Mr. Epstein [redacted] what happened?
A He told [redacted] that she was getting the extra hundred dollars because he was allowed [redacted]. The massage had been concluded, the sexual activity had been concluded. He gets up and leaves for a brief moment of time and comes back with $300 and pays [redacted] the $300. I believe he told [redacted] that she could see herself out.
Q Before we leave that room, when [redacted] was either being directed to the room or was inside that room where the massage took place, was there anything in particular

Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009462

Page 16

1 that she noted seeing?
2 A She noted seeing several naked pictures of girls
3 in the room, a mural or pictures of naked girls either
4 exposing their breasts or completely naked.
5 Q While the massage was going on, did Mr. Epstein
6 talk to ?
7 A Yes, he did.
8 Q And did he talk about sexual conquests with
9 girls?
10 A Yes, he did.
11 Q Once Mr. Epstein has provided with the
12 $300, what did she do?
13 A She went back downstairs and she, and
14 leave the residence. In the car they ask how
15 much money she has made, and she tells them $300.
16 wants to see the money. She shows the money to , and
17 asks what did she do. At that point tells her
18 that he
19 Q When they left the house, where did they go?
20 A When they left the house, they were on their way
21 to a mall to go shopping with the money that they had
22 received from Mr. Epstein. had told the night
23 before that she needed some shoes and wanted to go to the
24 mall, and she was going to Mr. Epstein's to pick up some
25 money. That was another reason that she had for going to

EFTA00009463

Page 17

Mr. Epstein's house that day, and that they were going to
go shopping after she got her money, and that could
make some money.

Q During that ride, did realize that
received money from Mr. Epstein?

A Yes. At some point knows that
received $200, but is unsure that ever gave a
massage. So at that particular time did not know why
she had gotten the $200, because she didn't think that
had had time to give a massage.

Q In interview, did she explain what she
got the $200 for?

A told the Palm Beach police department in
her interview that she received her $200 for bringing
to the house.

Q You mentioned that there were these three
different time periods that was interviewed: Shortly
after the events, at the time of the state grand jury
proceedings, and when you met with her, correct?

A Yes.

Q And there were some discrepancies between the
different interviews. Can you explain some of those to
the grand jury.

A Before we go and get to that, I want to make
sure that -- when we discussed what was told in the

Copy 1 of 3

EFTA00009464

Page 18

car by [redacted], that we learned from [redacted] interview with the Palm Beach police department. So I don't know if I said that, but I want to make sure you know that we first learned that [redacted] by listening to the interview that was conducted between the Palm Beach police department and [redacted], not from [redacted]. When I talk later, I just want to make sure you realize that that had not initially come out in [redacted] interview, but through the interview with [redacted].

So going back. I'm sorry, discrepancies?

Q Yes.

A I met with [redacted] last night to discuss some of the discrepancies when looking at what she had talked to detective [redacted] about in March of 2005 and what she had testified to in the grand jury in July of 2006. Reading the testimony and listening to the tapes, or reading the transcript, there were a few discrepancies.

One of the first ones we talked about was what [redacted] had told her about going to Mr. Epstein's house. She tells detective [redacted] that she was told about the massage, told about getting $200, but that she was not told that she would have to take her clothes off. She didn't know she would have to perform the massage naked.

When I asked her last night that question, she told me that when she got to the house prior to going into

EFTA00009465

Page 19

Mr. Epstein's residence, that [redacted] did tell her that she
may be asked to take off her clothes. She also did state
that [redacted] told her she could stay in her bra.

So I wanted you to know that there was a
discrepancy in what she originally had told detective
[redacted] and what she told me last night. That would be one.

The second discrepancy I wanted to touch on with
her was going upstairs and taking off her clothing. When
she is in that room, she states to detective [redacted] that
[redacted] asked her to remove her clothing, and she took off
her shirt. Then Mr. Epstein came in the room, shook her
hand and told her to take off her clothes. He leaves, he
comes back in a towel. He tells her again. [redacted] tells
detective [redacted] in a stern voice, "Mr. Epstein told me to
take off my pants." Because she hadn't taken off her
pants from the first time that she met him.

In her testimony with the grand jury with the
state, she tells the grand jury that it was [redacted] who
asked her to remove her clothing. So last night we went
over with her who told her to remove what. She had a very
hard time recalling exactly. She knew she had gotten down
to her bra and underwear. And then at some point, when
we're going through the sexual activity, she actually
tells me that her underwear was off when he was [redacted]

Cary (of 13)
EFTA00009466

Page 20

Later in the interview, we tell her about what we have in her testimony to the grand jury and her statements made to detective . And she really is having a difficult time trying to remember who told her to take off her clothes and her pants. As we are walking through the sexual activity, she does recall and states that it was Mr. Epstein who told her to take off her pants.

I guess I'll go to the third discrepancy. Is there anything I left off with that?

Q Well, does she report that when the assistant leads -- or the blonde lady leads her upstairs, that the blonde lady also said, "Get undressed," but that didn't get fully undressed?

A That's what she said in her statement to the detective, when she gives her first statement. She tells us again last night that that's what she recalled.

Q That the lady said first, "Get undressed," but she doesn't get fully undressed. And when Jeffrey comes back, he said, "Take your pants off."?

A Yes. And again, like I said, when we started interviewing her and asking her about this, she did have a hard time. But when we were walking through the sexual activity, that's when she recalls who told her to take off her pants.

EFTA00009467

Page 21

And I'll tell you, when we talked about the sexual activity, and it comes out that she wasn't wearing her underwear when __________, she does not recall how they came off. She cannot remember removing her underwear. She doesn't remember if Mr. Epstein removed her underwear. She knows her underwear was off, but she cannot tell you exactly at what point her underwear was removed.

Q Let's talk about the third discrepancy.

A The third is the sexual activity, when she was originally interviewed by detective __________ about the __________. When detective __________ comes and sees her again a few weeks later, she does tell her at that time that __________. She also says that to the grand jury, she talks about the __________.

Last night she told us about __________. When we asked her about him __________, and that __________ had told the police department that she __________, __________ told us last night that she __________ by Mr. Epstein, but that she thought only her and __________ knew about this and that she did not want her father to know that __________. She didn't want anybody to know, but she especially didn't want her father to know, that that was her business. That

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009468

Page 22

she did not know that [redacted] had told anybody, she thought it was only her and [redacted] that knew. She was embarrassed and didn't want anybody to know that.

Q Did she become visually upset?

A Yes, she began crying when we asked her about [redacted]. When she realized that we knew about that, she became very upset and concerned about her father. She mentioned that her father has read a lot of the reports in the State of Florida, and has followed the state's case. She was concerned about even telling us, afraid that he would be able to read in our reports about this.

We explained to her that the FBI's reporting is a little bit different than the way the state -- those are public records, and ours is part of our case file.

Q In addition to the fact that she had these concerns about her father and she was embarrassed, in your experience of interviewing victims of sexual abuse, is it typical for them to not disclose all of the sexual activity?

A Yes, it's very typical. And young girls, they don't want to talk about it. This is just another case of her not wanting to tell exactly what took place.

Q After that first visit to Mr. Epstein's house, and the interviews with detective [redacted], did detective

EFTA00009469

Page 25

Q On April 1, the following day, did [redacted] make calls to [redacted]?

A From the Palm Beach police department, they were able to take voice mail messages left by [redacted] on [redacted] phone stating that [redacted] could come and work on Saturday around 11:00.

Q I think you mentioned this last time, but in case you didn't, did the Palm Beach police department do trash pulls at Mr. Epstein's house?

A Yes, they did.

Q Was there anything of value related to this series of calls that were recovered?

A Yes. There was a trash pull done in the beginning of April, and in the trash there was a piece of paper that on it had [redacted] name, [redacted] name, and I believe it was 10:30 listed on the piece of paper.

Q It said [redacted] with [redacted] on Saturday at 10:30?

A Yes, it did.

Q In addition to the actual recordings of those phone calls and voice mail messages, do you also have telephone records from both [redacted] cell phone and [redacted] cell phone that match up?

A Yes.

Q Just to go back to something that you mentioned. Who actually gave the $300 cash to [redacted] at the day she was

6py 10813
EFT A00009470

Page 26

1 at Mr. Epstein's house?
2 A Mr. Epstein.
3 Q You mentioned a girl named [redacted]?
4 A Yes.
5 Q Was [redacted] also interviewed?
6 A Yes, she was.
7 Q Was she asked about going with [redacted] to take
8 girls to Mr. Epstein's house?
9 A Yes.
10 Q Was she asked who the youngest-looking girl was?
11 A Yes.
12 Q What did she say?
13 A She discussed [redacted] looking young in her
14 interview with the Palm Beach police department.
15 [redacted]: Those are all of my questions
16 for you now. If you could please step outside, I'll
17 see if the grand jurors have any.
18 (Witness excused, and then returned.)
19 BY [redacted]:
20 Q Agent [redacted], we have just a few questions.
21 One relates to the conversation between Mr. Epstein and
22 [redacted] about his exploits with other girls. Did Mr. Epstein
23 say anything about the age of those girls?
24 A He said that -- in particular on one case he
25 talked about a young girl that he was in the back seat

EFTA00009471

Page 23

ask to make what are called controlled calls?
A Yes.
Q Can you explain to the grand jury what a
controlled call is?
A A controlled call is where we actually have a
listening device, where we have an individual place a call
to somebody and we are able to record the other person's
voice and the conversation that takes place between the
person that we're having make the call and the person that
they are calling.
Q Who did detective ask to call?
A was asked to call on the phone.
Q And did she do so?
A Yes, she did.
Q Can you tell the grand jury when the calls were?
A I believe the first call was made towards the
end of March, I believe it was March 30. called
at the Olive Garden where works. was
concerned that father had found out somehow and
that they knew about it. And she refers to him as
Jeffrey, but Mr. Epstein.
told her that they did not know about
Mr. Epstein. Later in the conversation tells her
that Mr. Epstein would like her to come back and work for
him, and that maybe she could work for him tomorrow. So

Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009472

Page 24

they agreed that there would be a call between  and  tomorrow, that  will call  tomorrow.

Q Were there calls also made on March 31 of 2006?

A There were two calls made on March 31. The first one she doesn't connect to  . The second call that was made a short time later,  answers the phone. Again, there is a discussion about  coming to work for Mr. Epstein.  tells  -- one of the comments that is made is, "The more you do, the more you make."  is asking her how much can I make.

Again, detective  is there, and  is asking  , how much can I make.  is telling  that she'll have to ask Mr. Epstein that, that she is going to see Mr. Epstein tomorrow and that she'll talk to Mr. Epstein. There is conversation about  and her twin sister possibly coming to Mr. Epstein's house. There is some discussion about her coming to work for Mr. Epstein.

Q Just so it's clear, because there were a lot of shes,  is telling  that  is going to see Epstein the following day?

A Yes.

Q And that  is going to set up a schedule with Mr. Epstein for  and her sister to work for him?

A Yes.

EFTA00009473

Page 27

with, and her parents were in the front seat. He told
that they were having sex in the back seat -- were
doing sexual things in the back seat while he was carrying
on a conversation with the parents in the front seat. I
guess they were on their way home from a business party.
This was one of the stories that he had talked about.

Q But at no time did he provide any specific ages
about any of those girls?

A No.

Q What was age at the time she took
to Mr. Epstein's house?

A She was 18.

Q Did Mr. Epstein ask anything about her age?

A He did. He asked her how old she was, she said
she was 18. He asked her what grade she was in, she said
she was in the 12th grade. He asked her where she went to
school, and she said she went to .

Q I know we will be doing a lot more discussion
about later. But could you tell us briefly how
was recruited to go to Mr. Epstein's house?

A was at the beach, and two individuals
approached her about making money and giving a massage to
Mr. Epstein.

Q How old was when she first went to
Mr. Epstein's house?

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009474

Page 28

A Through phone records, we have contact between
[redacted] and [redacted] starting at age 17.
[redacted]: Those are all the questions.
Thank you.

(Witness excused, and then returned.)

BY [redacted]:

Q The question was, was there any particular
evidence to suggest that Mr. Epstein knew that [redacted] was
under the age of 18?

A I would say through the interviews of the
multiple girls that went to Mr. Epstein's house -- the way
that having seen [redacted] last night, and now she's 16 -- this
was two years ago -- that [redacted] age and behavior -- and
again, is that more circumstantial evidence? As far as
concrete evidence, no. But just by her appearance and her
mannerisms and how I observed her last night at age 16.

Q And that's consistent with what [redacted] said
during her statement, correct?

A Yes, it is.

MS. [redacted]: Any other questions?
JUROR: Did she look 18?

THE WITNESS: Does [redacted] look 18? Not in my
opinion, sir.

MS. [redacted]: All right. Any other questions?
Okay, thank you, very much.

EFTA00009475

Page 29

(Witness excused.)

CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER

I CERTIFY pages 1 to 28 is a true transcript of my shorthand notes of the testimony of [redacted] before the Federal Grand Jury, West Palm Beach, Florida, on the 27th day of February, 2007.

Dated at West Palm Beach, Florida this 18th day of March, 2007.

Philip W. May
Philip W. May, Court Reporter

Leon 1 of 13
EFTA00009476

EFTA00009477