1

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
WEST PALM BEACH DIVISION

IN RE: OPERATION LEAP YEAR

Grand Jury #07-103 (WPB)
West Palm Beach, Florida
Tuesday, February 6, 2007

TESTIMONY
OF
[ ][ ]

APPEARANCE:
[ ][ ] , ASSISTANT U. S. ATTORNEY
[ ][ ] , FOREPERSON
[ ][ ] , COURT REPORTER

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE
[ ][ ]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009632

2

# PROCEEDINGS

The sworn testimony of [redacted] was taken before the Federal Grand Jury, West Palm Beach Division, 701 Clematis Street, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, State of Florida, on the 6th day of February, 2007.

[redacted], Registered Merit Reporter and Notary Public was authorized to and did report the sworn testimony.

Thereupon,

[redacted],

a witness of lawful age, having been first duly sworn by the foreperson, testified on her oath as follows:

BY MS. [redacted]:

Q Special Agent [redacted], please state and spell your name for the record.

A It is [redacted] and I work for the FBI in Palm Beach County.

Q Can you spell your last name, please.

A I'm sorry, it is [redacted].

Q And I know we have some people in the back having trouble hearing you. You said that you work for the FBI. Can you tell the Grand Jury what particular group you are employed with?

A I am with the Violent Crimes Squad here in

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009633

3

Palm Beach County, I work primarily crimes against children, but have been an agent for the last approximately 10 years.

Q Have you received specialized training in the area of crimes against children?

A Yes, I have.

Q As part of your employment with the FBI have you been involved in an investigation of Jeffrey Epstein?

A Yes, I have.

Q And can you tell us who Jeffrey Epstein is?

A Jeffrey Epstein is an investment advisor who has a part-time residence in the town of Palm Beach, he has got multiple residences across the country to include a ranch in New Mexico, an island in the Virgin Isles, and multiple aircrafts, two airplanes and a helicopter to be exact, and --

Q And where is his primary residence?

A His primary residence, he has an office in New York, but his primary residence I believe is the island.

Q In the Virgin Islands?

A Yes.

Q He also has a home in New York, correct?

A Yes.

Q How is it that you started investigating

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009634

4

Mr. Epstein?

A The Palm Beach Police Department in March of 2005 initiated an investigation on Mr. Epstein involving multiple underage females that had visited Mr. Epstein's residence and had performed sexual massages or massages for Mr. Epstein of a sexual nature.

Mr. Epstein paid the underage females anywhere from 200 to $400, that investigation was around an 8 to 10-month investigation, and at that point we became involved in about July of 2006.

Q And once the case was presented to you by the Palm Beach Police Department did the FBI open its own investigation?

A Yes, yes, we initiated our investigation in July of 2006, we took a look at focusing in on the underage minors and in our investigation we interviewed many of the girls that were underage and we did an independent investigation issuing Grand Jury subpoenas as well as administrative subpoenas getting different documents of financial records, telephone analysis, flight manifests, looking to see if Mr. Epstein engaged in sexual activity with these females.

Q All right. And just so the Grand Jury is clear, were some of the girls who went to Mr. Epstein's house 18 or older?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009635

5

1 A Yes.
2 Q And then there were some that were under the
3 age of 18, correct?
4 A Yes.
5 Q And as part of the federal investigation did
6 you have to investigate what we call the interstate
7 nexus aspect of the case?
8 A Yes.
9 Q And can you explain to the Grand Jury what
10 that is?
11 A We looked at -- Mr. Epstein, as I mentioned
12 earlier, has two aircrafts, and we focused in on the
13 year 2004, 2005, he took approximately 60 trips to his
14 residence in Palm Beach, the majority of that time
15 focusing in on his assistant's cell phone, which his
16 assistant's name is , we took a look at her
17 cell phone records and the majority of the times that
18 Mr. Epstein would fly into Palm Beach Mrs. -- Ms.
19 would contact many of our underage victims either prior
20 to coming into Palm Beach, the day of, the day before,
21 even the day after, and certainly throughout the time
22 that Mr. Epstein was at his residence in Palm Beach.
23 Q And from the interviews of the girls that have
24 been conducted, what was the subject of those telephone
25 calls?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009636

6

1 A Can you restate the question?
2 Q Sure. From the interviews of the girls that
3 have been conducted, what was the subject matter of the
4 telephone calls from [redacted]?
5 A [redacted] would schedule the underage girls
6 to come and work, perform the massages for Mr. Epstein,
7 so she was responsible, she as well as another
8 assistant, [redacted], they were his personal
9 assistants who would set up appointments for Mr. Epstein
10 for the girls to come and perform their sexual massages.
11 Q All right. Is [redacted] also considered a
12 target of this investigation?
13 A Yes, she is.
14 Q And I will just -- I will spell [redacted]
15 for the Grand Jury. The first name is
16 and the last name is spelled
17 and does Ms. [redacted] have a new last
18 name?
19 A Yes, she does, she is married and her name is
20 [redacted].
21 Q [redacted]. Is Ms. [redacted] at least a subject of
22 this investigation, in other words, you are
23 investigating her activity?
24 A We are looking at that.
25 Q In addition to those two assistants, from the

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009637

7

interviews of the girls, is there anyone else who is associated with Mr. Epstein who is thought to be involved in this activity?

A [redacted] has been referred to as his companion, girl friend, personal assistant, she through the testimony of the girls has engaged in sexual activity with at least three of the underage minors.

Q And [redacted] is [redacted]. So Ms. [redacted] is also at least a subject of the investigation, correct?

A Yes, she is.

Q Now, as part of this investigation you mentioned that subpoenas were issued on behalf of either the old Grand Jury or this Grand Jury. Can you run through what subpoenas have been issued and what documents have been received in response to that?

A Sure. We issued a Grand Jury subpoena to Colonial Bank and we received financial records on credit card accounts and individuals. We subpoenaed Washington Mutual and they did a search and were unable to locate records at this time. We issued a Grand Jury subpoena for Capital One and served that and that is still unresolved at this time as far as them providing documents to us.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009638

8

We have subpoenaed Chase Credit Card and we have received documents from Chase. We have subpoenaed two businesses that Mr. Epstein has at least partial ownership or associated to, Hyperion Air, Inc. and JEGE, Inc., they were issued subpoenas and they have provided documentation to us.

We have subpoenaed Mr. [redacted], who is a pilot of Mr. Epstein's, and we have received documentation from Mr. [redacted]. We have subpoenaed DTG Operations, who is doing business as Dollar Rent-A-Car, and we have received car rental agreements and financial records from that business.

We have subpoenaed Royal Palm Beach High School and have received documentation regarding the students' records. We have subpoenaed three or four of the victims, [redacted] being the first, and we have received a bathing suit from [redacted].

We issued a Grand Jury subpoena to [redacted], we actually have issued [redacted] three subpoenas, and we are still working on resolving her Grand Jury material as well as testimony.

We have issued [redacted] a subpoena, we have issued -- she also is one of our underage victims. We've issued Reimer Employment Agency a Grand Jury subpoena and we have received documentation, that is an

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009639

9

employment agency located on the island of Palm Beach.

We have subpoenaed the Palm Beach Police Department for their evidence in this case and we have received that. By the way, that is the only thing that I did not bring with me today, I brought everything else, but it is rather a lot of evidence, so we will probably be bringing that to you another time.

We have issued the Clerk of Courts of the State of Florida for Grand Jury transcripts in the state matter and we have received those. We have issued the Good Samaritan Hospital for billing records and we have received those.

We have issued a Grand Jury subpoena to the Dalton School located in New York and at this time they do not have the records we have requested or could not locate those.

We have issued a Grand Jury subpoena to Extra Touch Flowers located here in West Palm Beach and we have received documentation from them. We issued a Grand Jury subpoena to Bill Hammond, another pilot for Mr. Epstein, we have spoken with him.

We have issued a Grand Jury subpoena to [redacted], another one of Mr. Epstein's pilots, and we have received documentation as well as spoken to him.

We have issued a Grand Jury subpoena to [redacted]

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009640

10

, who is the property manager currently for Mr. Epstein at his Palm Beach residence, and we have received documentation as well as spoken to him, and we have issued a Grand Jury subpoena to and have received some documentation and are still awaiting a response.

Q Now, you mentioned that you didn't bring with you the evidence that you received from the Palm Beach Police Department, but did you bring with you all of the other evidence that was received in response to the subpoenas?

A I have.

Q And is that evidence in the two boxes that are here in the front?

A Yes.

Q We will bring all of this back to you when we present the indictment, but would anyone like to look at any of the documentation today?

A GRAND JUROR: What does the documentation constitute, basically, the subpoenas?

THE WITNESS: It is primarily business records, flight manifests, stuff that came from him traveling to and from Palm Beach, credit card records, the businesses as far as the rental agreement which involves some of the underage girls

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009641

11

with the rental cars, and flower shop, you know.

A GRAND JUROR: Will we have an opportunity later to go through these if we need to?

MS. [REDACTED]: Yes, we will bring them when we present the indictment. Yes, ma'am.

A GRAND JUROR: If I should hold this for later let me know, she mentioned the hospital records were subpoenaed, could more information about why they were subpoenaed be provided at this time?

BY MS. [REDACTED]:

Q You can answer that.

A One of the girls that was an underage -- that was underage at the time that is involved with Mr. Epstein has had a baby and we were interested and wondering if possibly he was the father of that baby, which at this time we do not believe he was.

A GRAND JUROR: Thank you.

MS. [REDACTED]: A question?

A GRAND JUROR: Did the flight manifest show passengers on the plane?

THE WITNESS: Yes, they do.

A GRAND JUROR: Were any of the passengers the underage girls that were a target of the investigation?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [REDACTED]

EFTA00009642

12

THE WITNESS: At this time we have not associated any of these underage girls as being the passengers. The flight manifests, sometimes the pilot if they did not know who the passenger was would put one passenger or one female, one male, these were private planes and they, you know, may not have felt like they can go up and ask, but we don't have any evidence at this time to believe that they were any of our victims.

MS. [REDACTED]: Any follow-up? Any other questions from the Grand Jury? Yes, ma'am.

A GRAND JUROR: The records that you subpoenaed from the high school, what were they used for or why were they instrumental in the investigation?

THE WITNESS: Those are the girls' school records and we are just looking at the girls' records.

A GRAND JUROR: Absenteeism?

THE WITNESS: Just looking at some of their grades and performances and how they did in school.

MS. [REDACTED]: Ladies and gentlemen, before we continue, the witness has mentioned a few names of the minors and that is confidential information, obviously everything that you hear within these

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [REDACTED]

EFTA00009643

13

walls is confidential.

BY MS. :

Q Now, Special Agent , after -- in addition to issuing the subpoenas, you mentioned that one of the subpoenas was to the Palm Beach Police Department. Did you review any of the evidence that they collected?

A Yes.

Q And can you, for example, did the Palm Beach Police Department interview any girls?

A Yes, they did, they interviewed several of the girls, most of the girls, they took taped statements from the girls either in the form of a tape-recorder or through video.

Q And you have reviewed some of those interviews, correct?

A Yes, we have.

Q And has the FBI performed any interviews?

A Yes, we have, we have performed interviews of past and current employees of Mr. Epstein as well as focusing in on the girls, the girls that were underage at the time of the sexual activity, we wanted to determine with these girls, again, the sexual activity that took place with Mr. Epstein as well as how old they were at the time, if they traveled with Mr. Epstein, any

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009644

14

gifts that they may have gotten, so we did reach out to several of the underage minors and gathered more information from them.

Q And through the FBI's investigation has the FBI identified additional victims that perhaps the state police officers did not know about?

A Yes, we are still trying to identify, get first names of girls and going back and looking through school yearbooks and attempting to try to locate friends of friends, so we are still in the process, when you interview one of the girls and you ask if any of their friends went, they sometimes will give you other names, so we are in the process of still uncovering victims and reaching out and interviewing additional girls that we believe possibly were underage at the time of this sexual activity.

Q If I could ask you to step outside.

(The witness was excused from the Grand Jury room.)

(Questions posed by the Grand Jury.)

(The witness was recalled to testify before the Grand Jury.)

BY MS. :

Q Special Agent , one of the Grand Jurors asked whether there was any evidence of force or

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009645

15

coercion.

A When talking to the girls they were told that they may have to -- they were going there to perform a massage, possibly model lingerie, they went there sometimes on multiple occasions and they may start off wearing their clothing and then he would instruct them

far as coercion, they were paid $200 to $400 to perform these massages.

They are not trained in performing massages, they don't -- they are not masseuses, but yet if you ask if they were coerced, they were paid quite a bit of money for 30 to 45 minutes work.

Some of the girls, being that they were minors going to his residence, got in over their heads and did not always return or come back, some of our victims did not come back after, you know, they did go down to their

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009646

16

Q And was there one instance where Mr. Epstein actually engaged in vaginal intercourse with a girl against her will?

Q A Grand Juror asked how old Mr. Epstein is.

A He was 45 at the time that we are looking at him at that time period.

Q A Grand Juror asked if you know the proportion of girls who were underage versus 18 or older.

A The majority of the girls that we are looking at are victims, well, all of our victims that we are looking at were under the age of 18. As far as all of the girls that have been interviewed, the majority definitely were under 18. To give you a number, I would have to go and count, but I would say in the state investigation there were over 25

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009647

17

girls identified and more than a majority would have been under the age of 18.

Q A Grand Juror asked whether we have obtained Mr. Epstein's DNA and whether there was any DNA testing of the baby that you spoke of earlier.

A No, we have not.

Q A Grand Juror asked how Mr. Epstein would make contact with the girls, was this done via computer or in some other method?

A I am sorry, , his personal assistant, would contact, or on some occasions would also contact the girls via their cell phone and we have message pads from the residents that also indicate the girls calling the home in response to some of those phone calls, so they would call, would call, the majority of the calls were made by to the girls arranging for these, you know, can you come at this time, can you come at that time.

Q And is the cellular telephone a facility of interstate commerce?

A Yes, it is.

Q And then one of the Grand Jurors asked whether the assistants knew that the girls were underage or committed sex acts.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009648

18

Did anybody, have you interviewed anybody who affirmatively told you that they told their age or what was going on behind closed doors?

A No, no, not at this time, not at this time.

Q And what leads you to believe that she, for example, knew or should have known what was going on?

A There are so many girls that contacted to give Mr. Epstein massages that have no training in massages, and that was aware that girls were bringing other girls, you know, their friends to do these massages.

was also making appointments for legitimate massages for Mr. Epstein from legitimate masseuses that would come and give him massages, so the number of girls, their appearances at the time would lead us to believe that had knowledge that these girls were underage.

Q All right. Thank you very much. Those were all the questions from the Grand Jury.

A GRAND JUROR: Actually, I have two more, but.

MS. : Okay.

A GRAND JUROR: What was the actual age range of these girls?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009649

19

THE WITNESS: 14 to I mean.

A GRAND JUROR: The other one was, how did Ms. [redacted] actually originally get these girls, how were they brought in, I mean how were they, you know, because you said she called them when he was arriving, but how did these girls come into this in the first place?

A GRAND JUROR: Could she speak louder?

MS. [redacted]: Special Agent [redacted], we just had a request that you speak louder.

A GRAND JUROR: 14 and what?

THE WITNESS: Our victims were 14 to 17, but we have girls that are 18, we have girls that are 20, we have girls that are in their early 20s, and your question was?

A GRAND JUROR: How did she originally get them in in the first place?

THE WITNESS: We are focusing in on 2004, 2005, we have some evidence to show that this activity was taking place even earlier than that, certainly to include 2003 if you look at the message pads, but focusing in on 2004, 2005, the chain started with one of our minors and from that minor who goes to the house, Mr. Epstein tells her -- sees that she is maybe not comfortable with

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009650

20

doing the massage the way he would like it and tells her that she could bring other girls to do the massages and she in fact if she brought another girl she would be paid $200 for just bringing another girl, so there starts the chain, and Mr. Epstein would ask the girls or [redacted] would ask the girls for their phone numbers so each time, you know, if one of the girls brought a girl and he liked her he would ask for her phone number, ask her to leave the phone number, or [redacted] would get the phone number and then that girl would maybe bring, because if you brought somebody you didn't have to do the massage, but you also got paid for bringing a new person, so not only if you did the massage would you get anywhere from 200 to 400, but if you brought a new female you would receive 200 or $400.

A GRAND JUROR: Do you know how she solicited that original minor?

THE WITNESS: I don't. Well, I know that minor was approached by two individuals and we have interviewed one of those individuals who we can connect back to Mr. Epstein four years, possibly, prior to this, and stated that his job was actually to drive some of the girls to the residence and

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009651

21

that's pretty much where we start off.

MS. [REDACTED]: Would the Grand Jury like Special Agent [REDACTED] to maintain the records that we received in response to the subpoenas?

A GRAND JUROR: Maintain versus what?

A GRAND JUROR: What is our choice?

MS. [REDACTED]: I don't know that there is. I guess I could maintain them, but I don't believe we have secure storage in here. Would you like Special Agent [REDACTED] to maintain custody?

A GRAND JUROR: Yes.

MS. [REDACTED]: You should have something to swear her in as a custodian.

(The witness was sworn in as the custodian of records.)

MS. [REDACTED]: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, I am the last person for today, so you guys are free to go and we will see you probably in a couple of weeks, we will be seeing a lot of you.

(The witness was excused from the Grand Jury room.)

(The testimony of the witness concluded before the Grand Jury.)

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [REDACTED]

EFTA00009652

22

CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER

I certify pages 2 through 21 are a true transcript of my shorthand notes of the testimony of
[redacted] before the Federal Grand Jury,
West Palm Beach, Florida on the 6th day of February,
2007.

[Signature]
Notary Public
Commission #DD0282274
Expires May 8, 2008

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE
[redacted]

EFTA00009653