1

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA

ORIGINAL

RE: OPERATION LEAP YEAR

TESTIMONY
OF
SPECIAL AGENT

Federal Grand Jury 07-103
Federal Building
U.S. Courthouse
West Palm Beach, Florida
Tuesday, March 20, 2007

APPEARANCES:
Assistant United States Attorney
HELENA JOSETTE JONES-PARSONS,
Foreperson

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009478

2

The sworn testimony of SPECIAL AGENT E. was taken before the Federal Grand Jury, West Palm Beach Division, Federal Building, U.S. Courthouse, Palm Beach County, State of Florida, on Tuesday, March 20, 2007. Certified Court Reporter and Notary Public, State of Florida, Official Reporting Service, LLC, 524 South Andrews Avenue, Suite 302N, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33301, was authorized to and did report the sworn testimony.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
EFTA00009479

3

(Witness enters the Grand Jury Room.)
THE FOREPERSON: You do solemnly swear that the testimony you give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
THE WITNESS: I do.
THE FOREPERSON: Thank you. Please be seated.

EXAMINATION
BY :
Q Special Agent , could you please state and spell your name for the record?
A It's . It's .
Q Now Special Agent , last week or the last time that we met, we discussed two girls, correct?
A Yes.
Q Who visited Mr. Epstein's home?
A Yes.
Q And those were and and ?
A Yes.
Q Did you obtain photographs of those girls?
A Yes, I did.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009480

4

Q And do you know approximately when those photographs were taken?

A They were taken during the same time period that we are investigating, '04 and '05. There may have been a few in '03, but it was within a year's time of six months within the activity that we are investigating.

Q All right. Let me show you what has been marked as Grand Jury Exhibits 1 and 2, and can you tell us what Exhibit 1 is?

A Exhibit 1 is [redacted], and it's a photograph of her with her date of birth listed.

Q And what is Exhibit 2?

A A photograph of [redacted], with her date of birth as well on it.

MS. [redacted]: And I will just pass those to the grand jury.

BY MS. [redacted]:

Q Now the last time that we were here, you had described how [redacted] had brought [redacted] to Mr. Epstein's home?

A Yes.

Q Did [redacted] bring other girls to the Epstein house?

A Yes, she did.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
EFTA00009481

5

Q And is one of those girls .?
A Yes.
Q And what is the date of birth of ?
A She was born .
Q And where did . go to high school?
A .
Q And is that the same school that went to?
A Yes.
Q And was . ever a student at that school?
A Yes, she was.
Q Tell us a little bit about -- well, first of all, did the Palm Beach Police Department have a chance to interview ?
A Yes, they did.
Q And what about yourself?
A And I did as well.
Q Okay. Tell us, if you will, how . started going to Mr. Epstein's house?
A was the one who brought to Mr. Epstein's house. told that she may have to remove her clothing and that she could

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009482

6

makes $200 if she performed a massage for Mr. Epstein.

She also was told by [redacted] that he may try to touch you, but if you are uncomfortable, just tell him no, and she also said that if Epstein asked her age, she was to say she was 18.

Q Now that information that you just relayed, who provided that information?

A [redacted].

Q And what did [redacted] --

A I'm sorry. [redacted] provided in the interview to me that information.

Q Did [redacted] also admit that she brought [redacted] to Mr. Epstein's home?

A Yes.

Q When did this first occur?

A This occurred in -- we believe the first time period was when [redacted] was 16.

Q And is there any telephone records that show communications between [redacted] and [redacted] and [redacted] and [redacted]?

A Yes.

Q And when are those phone records?

A Those phone records show up in March of '04 when [redacted] would be 16.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009483

7

Q Let me show what has been marked as Grand Jury Exhibit Number 3, and what is Exhibit 3?

A This is a photograph of [redacted], with her date of birth, [redacted].

Q Now you mentioned that in March of 2004 and April of 2004, there are these records of phone calls and did [redacted] say how old she was when she first went to Mr. Epstein's house?

A I'm sorry. Did [redacted] say how old she was?

Q Did she tell you or the police officers how old she was?

A Yes. I'm sorry. I thought your question was did she tell Mr. Epstein. She told me that she was 16 when she went to Mr. Epstein's house.

Q Okay. That is consistent with those phones calls?

A Yes, it is.

Q Okay. Now during her first visit with Mr. Epstein, what happened?

A She went to Mr. Epstein's house. [redacted] took her there. [redacted] told her she didn't have her driver's license at that time, which she told

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009484

8

her she got her driver's license when she was 17. So [redacted] drove her to Mr. Epstein's house. She provided Mr. Epstein with a few massages. She remained clothed both times that she gave him a massage. At this time, she kept her clothes on.

I think one time she was wearing shorts and a T-shirt, maybe the second time she was wearing jeans and a T-shirt. That he constantly grabbed and pulled at her during the massage trying to draw her closer to him, but at that time, you know, there was no sexual activity other than the grabbing and pulling.

There was no sexual activity that took place on those first couple of massages, and she remained clothed at that time.

Q Now after those first few massages, was there a break in time before [redacted] returns to the Epstein house?

A [redacted] told us that she and [redacted] had had some kind of a [redacted], so there was a time period where she did not go back to Mr. Epstein's house.

Q And when -- did there then come a time

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009485

9

when she returned to the Epstein house?

A Yes. We have phone activity between and , beginning in December of '04.

Q And how old was . in December of '04?

A She had turned 17 at that time. In fact, through the course of the phone records beginning in December of '04 to October of 2005, we have over 150 phone calls between Z. and , Mr. Epstein's assistant.

Q What did Z. tell you about the activity that occurred when she started returning in late '04?

A When she started giving Mr. Epstein massages after that break, the massages became much more sexual in nature. Mr. Epstein continued to push and there were many times when would perform massages completely nude.

Several times, she would stay in her underwear with no bra on, but stated to me that many occasions she performed the massages to Mr. Epstein in the nude.

Q In addition to being unclothed, was there other sexual activity?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009486

10

A Yes, there was. , during my interview with , she became very upset when discussing the sexual activity that took place at that time.

She stated that Mr. Epstein had her. It began first by and then on more than one occasion actually .

He would request her to pinch his . He rubbed her as well. She stated that there was a that was as well, did not penetrate her, but that she described the , and several of the other victims have said the same thing, described it similar to that.

Q And just before I forget, when you testified about , did . also report having a ?

A Yes.

Q And, again, so the record is clear, when you are talking about these , they are the ?

A We have had some girls just describe

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009487

11

them as a . We have had some girls just describe them as a and then we also had girls describe them as both, because of the of it, I think some girls are more aware of what a would look like due to their ages.

You know, I don't know that everybody knew exactly what a looked like, but they all , and we have actually had that described, and described it as both, a , saying that it was, you know, in nature.

Q Okay. Now in addition to using that , was there other sexual activity?

A Yes. Several times during the massages, Mr. Epstein would have straddle him while he laid on his stomach and then he would reach and occasionally --

Q And this is when he was laying on his back not his stomach?

A I'm sorry. Did I say that?

Q You said on his stomach.

A He is laying on his back. She's on top of him straddled, and he is reaching

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

Copy 1 of 13

EFT A00009488

12

that was what was described to us by .

Q Now when was first interviewed by the Palm Beach Police?

A She was interviewed October 6th of 2005.

Q And at that time, did she say when her last visit was to Mr. Epstein's house?

A Yes, she said October 1st, 2005, was the last massage that she had given Mr. Epstein.

Q Is there any other evidence that was recovered from Mr. Epstein's or his household items that would confirm that statement?

A We have a message pad. During the search warrant, several of the message pads -- I don't know if we referred to them at this stage. We may not have.

We recovered -- well, I shouldn't say we, the Palm Beach Police Department recovered several message pads. They were carbon copy message pads.

So we have several of those books from their search warrant and in there, there is a message on October 1st confirming appointment for the massage as well as another

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009489

13

girl,

Q And is there also evidence that and actually spoke on October 1st before that message?

A We have cell phone calls between and as well as the message which was from to Jeffrey regarding -- confirming the appointment for , but we have a cell phone call I believe it was a little bit earlier from to or maybe it was to , but it is definitely between the two of them on that same day.

Q All right. When was interviewed by the Palm Beach Police Department, did she describe all of the sexual activity?

A No, she did not. She did not tell them about the or the -- she didn't tell them about the .

Q And, again, you said that when you brought up -- did you sort of confront her with the idea that more had occurred?

A I did, and she was very embarrassed about the . I asked her at one point if Mr. Epstein had given her any gifts and she got very red in the face and began to tear up and you

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009490

14

could see that she was very embarrassed.

So we took a little bit of a break, but then she was able to say that Mr. Epstein had provided her as a birthday present a [redacted]. So not only was there a [redacted] used on her, but at this time -- and I think that's kind of what got [redacted] talking about the sexual activity that she was able to tell me that, and she was very, very embarrassed, but that Mr. Epstein had given her for her eighteenth birthday a [redacted].

Q Now you mentioned that that happened on her eighteenth birthday?

A Yes.

Q And was she able to tell you whether Mr. Epstein knew it was her eighteenth birthday?

A She stated that Mr. Epstein provided to her on her eighteenth birthday the [redacted] and shortly -- well --

Q So before you had said that [redacted] had instructed [redacted] to tell everyone that she was 18; do you remember that?

A Yes.

Q But at some point, the people in the Epstein household learned that she hadn't turned

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009491

15

18 yet and her birthday was coming up?

A Her birthday was coming up.

Q And at some point, was a car provided for ?

A Yes. In October of '05, was having -- asked Mr. Epstein is she could borrow one of his cars to go to Orlando and he stated that -- at first he said yes, and then he said he would get her a rental car.

So contacted a few days later and said that a car had been rented for and that the house manager used the company credit card and picked up that car, and actually when the police interviewed her on October 6th, which was five or six days after the last massage, they were able to see that that Nissan Sentra that had been rented by Mr. Epstein, had that in her possession for at least through January 1st of 2006 and that car was rented by Mr. Epstein for at least that amount of time.

Q Did describe how the massage appointments would be made?

A Yes, she did.

Q And how was that?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 3
EFTA00009492

16

A She stated that [redacted], that [redacted], Jeffrey's assistant, would call her and set up appointments, and that sometimes she would call her on her cell phone from New York, from the Islands, and say that they were coming into town, was she available.

She would also call [redacted] while they were in town to see if she was available for massages, to give massages to Mr. Epstein, and stated that [redacted], who we have identified as [redacted], called her a few times as well to set appointments up.

Q And when those appointments were made how would [redacted] reach [redacted]?

A By phone.

Q All right. And whether she was in town or out of town, she would call [redacted] cell phone?

A Yes.

Q All right. Now was there any -- during the interview with the police department, did the police department ask [redacted] about what she discussed with Jeffrey Epstein during the massages?

A I would have to check the police reports

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009493

17

to give specifics on that.

Q All right.

A My answer to your question is yes.

Q Okay. And what did she say were some of the topics of discussion?

A Mr. Epstein asked her questions about herself, asked her if she was a  or that -- Jeffrey knew that she was a  and asked questions about her college, about where she was going to school.  is currently going to , and she had advised Mr. Epstein that she would be attending college at .

Q So that was a -- but that was her future plan?

A Yes.

Q So in other words, did Mr. Epstein know that she was in high school at the time?

A Yes, he did. And the Palm Beach Police asked  if Jeffrey knew her age and  told the Palm Beach Police Department, he didn't care what my age was.

Q Now did  describe either to you or to the police department how she would be paid for these massages?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009494

18

A She stated she was paid $200 and that she received anywhere from two to $300.

Q With every visit?

A With each visit.

Q Okay. Did she say who would provide her with that money?

A She said that Jeffrey paid her at the end of the massage.

Q All right. You mentioned the gift of the vibrator. Were there other gifts that were given to ?

A Yes. The time period is unclear, but the was given to her for her eighteenth birthday. There were three sets of bra and underwear, panties, Victoria Secret bra and underwear sets that were also given to as gifts from Mr. Epstein.

Q Now I know that we talked earlier about the fact that is the person who brought to Mr. Epstein's house. Did ever bring anyone to Mr. Epstein's house?

A brought a female by the name of and that was a friend of .

Q And let me show you what has been marked as Grand Jury Exhibit 4, and what is Grand Jury

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009495

19

Exhibit 4?

A It's a photograph of [redacted], with a date of birth of [redacted].

Q How old was [redacted], when [redacted] took her to Mr. Epstein's house?

A [redacted] took her there in the spring of 2005 and [redacted] was 18 at that time.

Q Now can you tell us now [redacted] went about bringing [redacted] to the house?

A [redacted] told [redacted] that she could make some money giving a massage to Mr. Epstein and [redacted] and [redacted] went to Mr. Epstein's house together.

The first time that [redacted] went there, she did not go upstairs and give him a massage. [redacted] was working that day. But in talking to [redacted] further, [redacted] stated that she probably over the period of time between the spring of '05 and October of '05, performed around five to ten massages for Mr. Epstein.

The first few of those he did not do anything as far as no [redacted], no sexual activity. She would just perform a massage.

Q And did that change over time?

A Yes, it did. She stated that she

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009496

20

performed two to three massages out of those five or ten and in her underwear and bra only, and that he would push her each time.

He would just push her to do more and on the third -- I believe she stated the third or fourth massage, he told her that she could make more money if she removed her clothing, because she stayed clothed during the first few massages, and she was paid $200 for each of those massages.

On the third or fourth massage, Mr. Epstein said that she could make more money if she removed her clothing. So around the fourth or fifth time, she did start taking off her clothing down to her underwear and bra only.

Q And then what happened when she was at that point of being unclothed?

A She would perform the massage. He attempted to touch her, but she always would say no. At one point, her bra does get undone by Mr. Epstein, but she does keep it up.

Q Now that was the extent of his touching [redacted]. At some point, did he [redacted] in front of her?

A Yes, he did. Not in the very beginning, but throughout this he did. Now I should tell you

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009497

21

that [redacted] stated to us that because she was kind of reserved or held back as he made advances towards her, she was able to see Mr. Epstein's [redacted] and that he [redacted], but that he [redacted], that he [redacted]. She did not feel that Mr. Epstein liked her very much.

Q But just to sort of compare what [redacted] said with what [redacted] said, they both said that at the beginning they remained clothed?

A Yes.

Q And that Mr. Epstein progressively pushed and pushed and pushed for more sexual activity?

A Yes.

Q Now what was the period of time that [redacted] went to Mr. Epstein's home?

A March of -- I'm sorry, spring of '05 is when [redacted] said that she went there and around, you know, the investigation is heating up with Palm Beach, so we know that in September of '05, there was a trash pull done, and in that trash pull there was a message and that was found and it stated -- it had [redacted] phone number on it and it stated, for a good time call [redacted] and [redacted].

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204
Copy 1 of 13
EFTA00009498

22

Q And whose stationery was that?
A It was on Jeffrey Epstein's stationery.
Q And had Jeffrey Epstein been in a Palm Beach resident close to those dates?
A Yes.
Q Now is there evidence of telephone calls between [redacted] and [redacted]?
A Yes.
Q And how many phone calls have you been able to identify?
A At this time, there have been 14 phone calls.
Q All right. And just to compare that to the number of phone calls with [redacted]?
A With [redacted], there was over 150 phone calls between [redacted] and [redacted].
Q And that is sort of consistent with the number of massages that [redacted] did versus the number of massages that [redacted] did?
A It is consistent with especially the activity that [redacted] was providing Mr. Epstein compared to the activity that [redacted] would provide.
(Thereupon, knocking is heard at the Grand Jury door.)

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

EFTA00009499

23

☐ ☐ ☐: Let me just step out for one moment.
☐ ☐ ☐ exits the Grand Jury Room.)
☐ ☐ ☐ enters the Grand Jury Room.)
☐ ☐ ☐: Ladies and gentlemen, I am going to have to take a break now and we will be back either next week or the following week. Thank you very much. You are done for the day.
(Witness was excused.)

---

CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER

I, ☐ ☐ ☐, Certified Court Reporter and Notary Public, do certify that the transcript is a true and correct transcription of my stenotype notes of the testimony of SPECIAL AGENT ☐ ☐ ☐ ☐, taken before the Federal Grand Jury West Palm Beach, Florida.

Certified Court Reporter

---

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE, LLC
(954) 467-8204

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009500

EFTA00009501