1

UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA
WEST PALM BEACH

IN RE: OPERATION LEAP YEAR

Grand Jury #07-103 (TUES-WPB)
West Palm Beach, Florida
Tuesday, May 15, 2007

TESTIMONY
OF

[ ] [ ]

APPEARANCE:
[ ] [ ] [ ] , ASSISTANT U. S. ATTORNEY
NANCY SIEGEL, COURT REPORTER

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE
[ ]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009512

2

# PROCEEDINGS

The sworn testimony of [redacted] was taken before the Federal Grand Jury, West Palm Beach Division, 701 Clematis Street, West Palm Beach, Palm Beach County, State of Florida, on the 15th day of May, 2007.

NANCY SIEGEL, Registered Merit Reporter and Notary Public was authorized to and did report the sworn testimony.

Thereupon,

[redacted],

a witness of lawful age, having been first duly sworn by the foreperson, testified on her oath as follows:

BY [redacted]:

Q Good morning, Special Agent. Could you state and spell your name for the record.

A Special Agent [redacted],

Q And with whom do you work?

A The FBI here in West Palm Beach.

Q And are you here today on the continuing investigation known as Operation Leap Year?

A Yes, I am.

Q And you are one of the case agents on this investigation, correct?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009513

3

A Yes, I am.

Q The last time you were here we were discussing the evidence supporting various overt acts and charges related to Jane Does number 1 and 2?

A Yes.

Q Today we are going to start with Jane Doe number 3. Can you tell the Grand Jury who that is and summarize briefly your previous testimony about her.

A Jane Doe number 3 is [redacted] and she first started, we have first phone contact with [redacted] starting in December of 2004, [redacted] would have been 16 or 17 at that time, let me do the math real quick, she would have been 16 -- sorry, I am sorry, she would have been at that time 17, let's get it right, so she started phone contact, [redacted] started calling her in September of 2004.

From testimony we know that [redacted] went there earlier, much earlier. [redacted], which was Jane Doe number 4 you will hear about next, they were good friends and they both went in the spring of '04, prior to [redacted] 17th birthday, so [redacted] did start giving Mr. Epstein massages when she was 16, she performed a few massages for Mr. Epstein and then took kind of a little bit of a break.

The sexual activity that occurred with

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009514

4

Mr. Epstein when [redacted] was under the age of 18 included [redacted], [redacted] she was given gifts by Mr. Epstein, she was given a [redacted], she was given Victoria Secret underwear, she was also given a car that Mr. Epstein rented for her for a number of months, she was paid $200 by Mr. Epstein and [redacted] was the one that primarily called [redacted] to set up appointments and as you can see that began in December of '04.

[redacted] was also one of Mr. Epstein's favorites, according to several of the other girls.

Q Just so the Grand Jury has an idea, how does that translate into the number of phone calls between [redacted] and [redacted] that you were able to calculate?

A [redacted] called her, I guess calls between the two of them ranged around 125 phone calls from December 6th, 2004 until October, 2005.

Q And just briefly can you remind the Grand Jury did [redacted] ever tell Mr. Epstein her age?

A No, they did not ever discuss, she did not tell him how old she was, but she did tell him where she planned on going to school and that she was in [redacted].

She stated that when it came to her age that Mr. Epstein didn't care. As I mentioned earlier, [redacted]

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009515

5

and [redacted] were very good friends and [redacted] would talk about [redacted] and Mr. Epstein would ask questions about [redacted], when [redacted] was providing massages and as we will talk about when we talk about Jane Doe number 4, which is [redacted], she told Mr. Epstein that she was a junior in high school and that [redacted] and her were in the [redacted] and [redacted] and that they were [redacted] and [redacted] told us that at one point [redacted] had come to her because she had slipped about prom and she was worried because Epstein was supposed to think she was 18 and she had talked about the prom and [redacted] said she never heard anything else about it and they never brought it up.

Q Because, according to [redacted], Mr. Epstein didn't care really how old the girls were?

A Exactly.

Q And she never mentioned he asked her for her age or asked for any form of identification to show whether she was or was not over 18?

A No.

Q Now, if you could turn to the proposed indictment and if I could ask you to look at overt act number 59.

A We had a little knock at the door. Do you want me to get it?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009516

6

Q Yes.
(Thereupon, there was a brief pause.)
A I will let you see a picture of Jane Doe number 4, , who we were talking about earlier, and this is . Is there anyplace you want to put it right down here in front?
Q And just so the record is clear, those are the photographs that we showed to the Grand Jury last week?
A Yes, it is.
Q So if you could turn to overt act number 59 which appears on page 12, and if you could explain to the Grand Jury the evidence we have related to that phone call or phone calls on December 6th, 2004.
A On December 6th, 2004 a review of the phone records indicate that there was telephonic phone contact between the numbers belonging to and , as well as we have evidence with statements of the phone calls being made to her by .
Q And overt act number 60?
A A review of the phone records indicate telephonic contact between the numbers belonging to on December 12, 2004.
Q And overt act number 64?
A A review of the phone records indicate

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009517

7

1. telephonic contact between numbers belonging to [blacked out] and [blacked out] on December 14th, 2004.
2. Q: And just so that it is clear to the Grand Jury, when the overt acts says that defendant [blacked out] made one or more telephone calls, that means that the call is originating from [blacked out] phone, is that correct?
3. A: Yes, it does.
4. Q: And if you could turn to overt act number 71.
5. A: On December 20th a review of the phone records indicate that there was telephonic contact between [blacked out] and [blacked out].
6. Q: And overt act number 79?
7. A: On January 6th, 2005 a review of phone records indicate there was telephone contact between numbers belonging to [blacked out] and [blacked out].
8. Q: And number 83?
9. A: On January 14th, 2005 a review of the phone records indicate telephonic contact between numbers belonging to [blacked out] and [blacked out].
10. Q: And with respect to the other overt acts related to the phone calls which would be 94, 100, 102, 104, 112, 118, 125, 129 and 132 is the evidence the same?
11. A: Yes, on or about each of those dates a review

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [blacked out]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009518

8

of the phone records indicated telephonic contact between the numbers belonging to  and  as well as  statements.

Q Now, if I could direct your attention to Count number 7 which appears on page 26 of the draft indictment, that is a charge of indictment of a minor during the period of December 6th, 2004 through June 2nd of 2005, could you summarize for the Grand Jury the evidence related to that count.

A On or about these dates the facility of interstate commerce, the telephone, specifically  and  were utilized to set up appointments, massage appointments for Epstein.

During the massages and on more than one occasion Epstein  , he used a  and Epstein directed  to straddle him while he  and , he would  , he would  as she was straddling him, there was  , though.

He touched  breasts, he would  . He paid  on multiple occasions $200. Both  and Jeffrey Epstein have escorted  upstairs for these massages and Mr. Epstein gave

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009519

9

a , Victoria Secret bra and panty sets and he also rented her a car for several months.

Q And just so that it is clear, you mentioned he paid her on several occasions, he paid her every time she performed these lewd acts, correct?

A Yes, $200.

Q And is listed as a defendant with respect to Jane Doe number 3 as well, and can you explain to the Grand Jury a little bit more about who is and why she is charged in this count?

A is one of Mr. Epstein's personal assistants as well and she made appointments for him for these massages.

We have contact between phone and phone, she contacted approximately 25 times.

Q And that's why she is also charged with someone who is either an aider or abetter or a coconspirator with respect to this?

A Yes.

Q Okay. If I could direct your attention to Count number 32 which appears on page 30, Count number 32.

A I got 32.

Q What is the evidence related to?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009520

10

A I am sorry, I didn't hear you ask me the question, I thought you said refer to it.

The evidence is we have flight records that indicate on December 13th, 2004 Epstein traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before or the day of travel, we also have the sexual conduct between Jeffrey Epstein and [redacted] as we described earlier in Count 7.

Q And just to refresh the recollection of the Grand Jury, the Gulfstream aircraft is the one owned by Hyperion?

A Air, Inc.

Q And when you said that there was telephone contact, you recall that in overt act number 60 that we discussed phone calls on December 12th, correct?

A We did.

Q Okay. If I could direct you to Count number 35 and if you could tell the Grand Jury about the evidence according to that count.

A Again, we have flight records that indicate that on January 6th, 2005 Epstein traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream again, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before, the day of that travel, we also talked about the sexual

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009521

11

1 conduct between Jeffrey and [redacted], between Epstein and [redacted].
2 Q And can you tell us again what aircraft they flew on on January 6th?
3 A That was the Gulfstream which was owned by Hyperion Air, Inc.
4 Q Okay. If I could direct you to Count 36 and again if you could summarize that evidence.
5 A We have flight records that indicate that on January 14th, 2005 Epstein, [redacted] and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727 that Mr. Epstein owns, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before, the day of that travel, as well as we have the sexual conduct between Jeffrey Epstein and [redacted] as we described earlier, and I will tell you that [redacted] is -- [redacted], Mr. Epstein's personal assistant, and [redacted] is [redacted] we talked about just a few minutes ago, Mr. Epstein, another of Mr. Epstein's personal assistants.
6 Q And if I could direct your attention to Count 37 and ask you to summarize the evidence related to that count.
7 A We have flight records that indicate that on February 3rd, 2005 Mr. Epstein and [redacted] traveled

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009522

12

to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, there was
telephonic contact between  and
the day before or the day of travel and we have
the sexual conduct between Epstein and .
Q And if I could direct your attention to Count
number 38.
A In Count number 38 we have flight records that
indicate on February 10th, 2005 Mr. Epstein,
and traveled to
Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream, there was telephone
contact between  and  the day
before or the day of travel, we also have the sexual
conduct between Mr. Epstein and .
Q Now, I am sorry, on Count number 38, which
airline were they on?
A They were on the Gulfstream.
Q Can I ask you to double-check that? There is
an inconsistency between the chart and the indictment or
we can save that for a later date.
A It is right here.
Q I will mark that we need to check on Count
number 38.
A I have the flight manifest with me if you want
me to check, I don't know if you want me to do that now.
Q Yes, if you don't mind.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009523

13

(Thereupon, there was a brief pause.)

A In Count 38, flight records indicate on February 10th, 2005 that Mr. Epstein, [redacted], [redacted] and [redacted] were in fact on the Boeing 727.

Q So the draft indictment contains the correct information?

A Yes, it does.

Q What company owns the Boeing 727?

A JEGE, Inc., Incorporated.

Q And if I could take you to Count number 39.

A Evidence shows through flight records that on February 21st, 2005 Epstein, [redacted], [redacted] and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before or the day of travel, there was also the sexual conduct between Epstein and [redacted].

Q And if I could take you to Count number 40, please.

A We have flight records that indicate on February 24th, 2005 Epstein, [redacted], [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before, the day of travel, and

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009524

14

there was sexual conduct between Jeffrey Epstein and [redacted] as we described earlier in Count 7.

Q And if you could do Count 42.

A We have evidence that shows flight records, that flight records indicate that on March 18th, 2005 Epstein traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day of or the day before travel, we have the sexual conduct between Mr. Epstein and [redacted].

Q And just referring to that count, [redacted] is named, although she was not on the flight that day, is that correct?

A Yes.

Q And you said that she made the telephone calls with [redacted], correct?

A Yes, and we also do have -- we have interviewed Mr. Epstein's pilots and one of the pilots indicated that [redacted] was the one that arranged all of Mr. Epstein's travel arrangements and so she is responsible for making his arrangements to travel to Palm Beach as well as call the girls for the appointments.

Q If I could take you to Count number 43, please.

A Flight records indicate that on March 31st,

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009525

15

2005 Mr. Epstein traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before or the day of travel, we also have the sexual conduct between Epstein as [redacted] described earlier in Count 7.

Q Again, in Count 44, what is the evidence related to that?

A Flight records indicate that on April 8th, 2005 Epstein and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream and there was telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] on the day before or the day of travel, we also have the sexual conduct between Mr. Epstein and [redacted].

Q And if you could go through 45, 46 and 47.

A Count 45 we have flight records that indicate on April 27th, 2005 Epstein and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream, there is telephone contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before or the day of travel and we have the sexual conduct between Jeffrey and [redacted].

In Count 46 we have flight records that indicate that on May 6th, 2005 Epstein, [redacted] and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream.

We have also telephonic contact between [redacted]

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009526

16

1 and either the day before or the
2 day of travel and we have the sexual conduct between
3 Epstein and , and in Count 47 on May 19th, 2005
4 we have flight records that indicate Epstein,
5 and traveled to Palm Beach County on
6 the Gulfstream and we have telephone contact between
7 and the day before or the day
8 of travel.

9 We also have the sexual conduct between
10 Epstein and as described in the earlier
11 count, Count 7.

12 Q Now, if I could direct your attention to Count
13 number 51 which appears on page 33, that is the sex
14 trafficking of a minor involving Jane Doe number 3, and
15 could you briefly summarize that, the evidence related
16 to that.

17 A As we discussed earlier in Count 7, I told you
18 guys about the sexual conduct between Epstein and
19 , the monies that were paid to by
20 Mr. Epstein, the phone activity we discussed between
21 and , it began in December,
22 and we also have phone calls beginning in January from
23 to , at that time was 17
24 years of age, and we also have statements from
25 and regarding Mr. Epstein's knowledge of their

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009527

17

ages.

Q And with respect to the affect on interstate commerce related to that count we have both the telephone calls, correct?

A Yes.

Q As well as Mr. Epstein actually traveling in interstate commerce to engage in this activity, correct?

A Yes, we do.

Q Is there anything else that you would like to mention about Jane Doe number 3?

A Not at this time, no.

Q If I could direct you to Jane Doe number 4 and if you could summarize for the Grand Jury the information related to Jane Doe number 4's activities.

A Jane Doe number 4 is , I think you wanted their birth dates, her birth date is , she was 16 years old and attended .

We first have contact through phone calls from to on April 25th, 2004 which indicates and shows that was clearly 16 years of age when she started going to Mr. Epstein's and performing massages for Mr. Epstein.

, our Jane Doe number 1, was the one who recruited , she basically told that she

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009528

18

could make $200, she needed to dress cute, he might try to touch you, but if you feel uncomfortable just let him know and he will stop, and the first massage that [redacted] did he repeatedly told [redacted], and I mentioned this to you in the last Grand Jury session, she was very shy and he would repeatedly tell her not to be so shy, that she didn't have to be so shy.

Epstein asked her to remove her clothing and she told him no, and throughout the massage he would repeatedly grab at her, [redacted] he did [redacted] through this first massage and pulled her clothes, she would pull away and she was paid $200 for that.

Upon leaving the first massage Mr. Epstein told [redacted] that if [redacted] was willing to do more she would get paid more. He also informed [redacted] that if she would bring her pretty friends he would also pay her for bringing her pretty friends. He told [redacted] that [redacted] would get her phone number.

[redacted] says that she performed three to four massages for Mr. Epstein. We have with [redacted] approximately a hundred phone calls between [redacted] and [redacted].

When I interviewed [redacted] she became very upset when we got to the sexual massages that she did for

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009529

19

Mr. Epstein. At this point, this is as much as we know at this point of what occurred with Mr. Epstein and .

She did three to four massages and those last massages they became more sexual in nature, he asked her again to remove her clothing, this time she took her shirt off, he asked her to take her bra off, she said no.

He again would , he did continue , this time she . He continued to compliment her, tell her she had a nice body and that she was pretty.

says that he was very nice and engaged her in conversation, asked her, you know, if she had a boyfriend. In the last massage she discusses with me, and this massage Mr. Epstein told her to stop being shy and asked her to take her clothes off and said that she had a boyfriend and she didn't feel comfortable taking her clothes off and he told her you should know what to expect by now when you come here, and he jerked on her pants as to like jerk them down, so she did on this last massage get down to her bra and underwear.

She describes his tone at this time being frustrated and irritated, she stayed in her bra and

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009530

20

underwear, but during the massage he grabbed her bra and pulled it down and ______________, he had instructed her to ______________ while she was massaging his chest, he tried to grab her all over, he knew that she was upset with this massage.

At one point Mr. Epstein asked her if she had sex with her boyfriend, ______________ informs him that she is still a virgin and he responds what, you don't like sex? And that's pretty much the way that last massage went.

Q Now, Special Agent ______________, just to interrupt you, you mentioned that Jane Doe number 4 became very upset as you were asking her about the massages, correct?

A Yes.

Q And when she was describing this incident with him grabbing at her breast and trying to pull her pants down and instructing her to remove her pants, correct?

A Yes.

Q You had talked last week about the expert that you had spoken with about interviewing victims of these types of offenses?

A Right.

Q And you had told us about how a victim may be reticent at first to tell the entire story until a rapport is built?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE ______________

EFTA00009531

21

A Right.

Q Can you tell the Grand Jury your impressions of your interview with [redacted]?

A She became so visibly upset, and a lot of the girls are embarrassed of what took place, but when she talked about the last massage and him grabbing her breasts and fondling her breasts she was in tears and we stopped the massage and we calmed her down, trying to go back there was just too difficult, I could not get her back to discussing anything further that had taken place.

I have since then -- I have since talked to [redacted] again and I feel there is more there, but I just don't think she is ready to disclose what took place.

Q So based upon the more than 60 telephone calls as well as --

A Approximately a hundred.

Q -- 100 telephone calls and your conversations with [redacted] you think there is probably more than four massages that happened?

A Yes, I do.

Q Was there anything else that you wanted to discuss with the Grand Jury?

A Just, as I stated in the beginning of those massages, they engaged in conversation and throughout

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009532

22

that conversation, you know, she did inform Mr. Epstein that she was a junior in high school and again she is one of the girls that talks about [redacted] being Mr. Epstein's favorite, so because Mr. Epstein knew they were friends they would engage in conversation about [redacted], and [redacted] would mention they were in the [redacted] and they would discuss the friendship they had between the two girls with Mr. Epstein and I think that's it.

Q All right. If we could turn to the post-indictment to overt act number 4 which appears on page number 5.

Did you obtain telephone records for Jane Doe number 4?

A Yes.

Q And did you compare those with the phone records of [redacted] and others?

A Yes, I did.

Q And can you tell us with respect to overt act number 4 what evidence you have related to that?

A A review of the phone records indicate that there was a telephonic contact between the numbers belonging to [redacted] and [redacted] as well as [redacted] statements that [redacted] would call her to make appointments.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009533

23

Q And if we could go through overt acts 6, 8, 9 and 11, all of which appear on page 6.

A A review of the phone records on May 3rd, 2004, May 14th, 2004, May 20th, 2004 and June 3rd, 2004, a review of those phone records indicate that there was telephonic contact between numbers belonging to [redacted] and [redacted] as well as [redacted] statements.

Q If I could take you to overt acts 14, 15 and 19 which appear on page 7.

A A review of the phone records on June 11th, 2004, June 20th, 2004 and July 10th, 2004, they indicate that there is telephonic contact between the numbers belonging to [redacted] and [redacted].

Q And if I could ask you to turn to page 8 and if you could address overt acts 24 and 25.

A A review of the phone records on July 18th, 2004 and July 22nd, 2004, a review of [redacted] and [redacted] phone records indicate there is telephonic contact belonging to both of them as well as [redacted] statements that [redacted] would arrange appointments with her.

Q If I could take you to page 9 of the draft proposed indictment and ask about overt acts 29 and 30.

A A review of the phone records indicate there is telephonic contact on July 22nd, 2004 and August 4th,

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009534

24

2004 between numbers belonging to  and  as well as  statements.

Q If I could take you to page 10 of the draft proposed indictment and ask you about overt acts 37 and 43.

A A review of phone records indicate telephonic contact on August 25th, 2004 and October 3rd, 2004 between numbers belonging to  and .

Q And if you could turn to page 11 of the draft proposed indictment and if you would address overt acts 47 and 48.

A A review of the phone records indicate telephonic contact on October 30th, 2004 and November 4th, 2004 between numbers belonging to  and , as well  statements.

Q Okay. And if you could go to page 14 of the draft proposed indictment and address overt act number 77.

A A review of phone records indicate that on January 4th, 2005 there was telephonic contact between  and  as well as  statements.

Q I'm sorry. If you could turn to page 16 of the draft proposed indictment and address overt act

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009535

25

number 87.

A A review of the phone records indicate that on January 22, 2005 there is telephonic phone contact between numbers belonging to and and I believe I said on January 22nd, 2005.

Q Okay. And if you could go to page 17 and address overt act number 101.

A On February 14th, 2005 a review of the phone records indicate that there was telephonic contact on that day between numbers belonging to and , as well as statements.

Q If you could turn to pages 18 and 19 and if you would address overt acts 106, 114 and 116.

A A review of the phone records indicate that there is telephonic contact between and on February 24th, 2005 as well as statements.

Q Overt act number 114 says on March 18th, 2005 defendant prepared a written message to defendant Epstein regarding Jane Doe number 4, could you tell the Grand Jury what the evidence is related to that?

A We have a review of the message pads that were recovered during the search warrant that the State served that showed that wrote a message to Epstein regarding and that was done on March 18th,

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009536

26

2005.

Q Do you happen to remember what the message said?

A I have those with me.

Q Would you mind getting them out?

A Do you want to mark it?

Q If you could just read it to the Grand Jury.

A It is a message written by [redacted] for Jeffrey on 3/18/2005, it looks like 4:21 p.m., and the message reads is it okay if [redacted] will come at 5:00 and there is a question mark.

Q And if I could direct you to overt act number 116, what the evidence is related to that.

A A review of the phone records on March 29th, 2005 indicate that there is telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] as well as her -- [redacted] statements.

Q And if I could take you to overt act number 127 which is on page 20.

A A review of phone records on April 11th, 2005 indicate that there is telephonic phone contact between the numbers belonging to [redacted] and [redacted] as well as [redacted] statements.

Q Now, if you could go to Count number 8, which alleges that between April 25th, 2004 and June 29th,

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009537

27

2005 Jeffrey Epstein, , , , enticed Jane Doe number 4 to engage in sexual activity or prostitution.

A On or about these dates we have a facility of interstate commerce, specifically the telephones, , , and , which were utilized to set up, arrange massage appointments for Epstein, we have , taking upstairs to set up the massage table, she would set the massage table up as well as set up the lotions and the oils, we have during those massages Epstein would grab and pull closer to him as he , he repeatedly would ask her to remove her clothing, wearing her bra and underwear, Epstein would pull down her bra and he attempted to at one point but she stopped him, he , she believes that , he paid her $200, he told her that he would pay her to bring her pretty friends and would pay her more if she would do more.

Q And just so that this is clear to the Grand Jury, June 29th of 2005 is the day before Jane Doe number 4 turned 18, is that correct?

A Yes.

Q So was there activity that continued past her 18th birthday?

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009538

28

A Yes.

Q If I could direct you to Count number 17, which appears on page 28, and tell us about the evidence related to that.

A We have evidence through flight records that indicate on May 21st, 2004 that Epstein and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream, we have telephonic contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before or the day of travel and we have the sexual conduct between Epstein and [redacted] as we described earlier in Count 8.

Q And if you could go through Counts 18 and 19.

A We have flight records that indicate on June 4th, 2004 Epstein and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream, we have telephone contact between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before, the day of travel, we have sexual conduct between Mr. Epstein and [redacted] as discussed earlier.

We have also Count 19 on June 20th, 2004 we have flight records that indicate that Epstein and [redacted] traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727.

We have the telephone contacts between [redacted] and [redacted] the day before, the day of travel, we also have the sexual conduct between Jeffrey and [redacted]

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009539

29

as we described earlier in Count 8.

Q Could you do the same for Counts 22 and 23, please.

A Count 22 we have flight records that indicate on July 22nd, 2004 Epstein, traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, we have the telephonic phone contact between and the day before or the day of travel, we also have the sexual conduct between Jeffrey Epstein and as we described earlier, and Count 23 we have flight records that indicate on August 6th, 2004 Epstein and traveled to Palm Beach County on the Boeing 727, we have telephonic contact between and two days prior to Epstein and traveling to Palm Beach County, we have sexual conduct between Jeffrey Epstein and as we described earlier.

Q And if you could do the same for Count number 28, please.

A Count number 28 we have flight records that indicate on November 5th, 2004 Epstein, traveled to Palm Beach County on the Gulfstream, we have telephonic contact between and the day before or the day of travel, we have the sexual conduct between Epstein and .

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009540

30

Q And if I could direct you to Count number 35, you testified previously about the people who were aboard the plane.

Was there also telephone contact on January 6th -- excuse me, shortly before the flight on January 6th, 2005 between [redacted] and this Jane Doe?

A Yes, two days before.

Q And if you look at Count number 40, again, you had previously told us about who was on board the plane. Can you tell us whether there was also telephone contact shortly before that?

A There was telephone contact the day of or the day before.

Q All right. Between who and who?

A Between [redacted] and [redacted].

Q Okay. And if you could look at Count 43, you also had testified previously about who was aboard the plane on that day.

Was there also telephone contact between Jane Doe number 4 -- excuse me, Jane Doe number 4 and [redacted]?

A Yes, two days before.

Q And if I could direct you to Count number 52, which is the sex trafficking offense, and if you could summarize again for the Grand Jury the evidence related

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009541

31

to that.

A We discussed in Count 8 the sexual conduct that occurred between [redacted] and Epstein during the massages that took place, we talked about the money that was paid to her by Mr. Epstein and the offer of more money if she would do more as well as if she would bring her friends.

Through [redacted] statements we have also that [redacted] has paid her in the past for bringing a friend, we have the phone activity between [redacted] and [redacted] which started in April, 2004, we know [redacted] was 16 at the time, we also have phone activity between [redacted] and [redacted] beginning in the spring of 2005 when [redacted] would be 17, with the statements of [redacted] and [redacted], the knowledge that Mr. Epstein knew their age, and we have gone through that regarding [redacted] informing Mr. Epstein that she was a junior in high school, that she was [redacted], and then [redacted] statements that [redacted] was concerned because she was discussing prom with Mr. Epstein, and both girls at that time of the phone calls were under the age of 18.

Q Just again so it is clear for the Grand Jury, neither [redacted] nor [redacted] ever specifically said hey, Jeffrey, I am 17, but they provided information that should have caused him to try to figure out whether in

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009542

32

fact they were adults?
A Yes.
Q Any questions about Jane Doe number 4 before we turn to Jane Doe number 5? Yes, [redacted].
A GRAND JUROR: I have to say something here, if it is a stupid question forgive me if it is, from what I heard, maybe I heard wrong, there were three to four massages that Jane Doe, [redacted] or [redacted] said that she had and you enumerated quite a few sexual contact.
How do you know about this, do you have records, how do you know they were sexual contact?
THE WITNESS: Through interviewing [redacted].
A GRAND JUROR: She said she only had three to four massages.
A GRAND JUROR: Her question is more like there is 20 phone calls.
A GRAND JUROR: There is tons of them.
THE WITNESS: Exactly, that is what we were discussing earlier when we discussed that there is more than what [redacted] is willing to admit at this time.
A GRAND JUROR: I got it. So she said she only had three to four.
A GRAND JUROR: There is a hundred phone

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009543

33

calls.

A GRAND JUROR: You said you found out through [redacted], I am a little bit confused about that.

THE WITNESS: Through interviewing [redacted], she stated that she had three or four massages from Mr. Epstein.

BY [redacted]:

Q Special Agent [redacted], the sexual activity that you described that [redacted] went through, that is what she said happened during those three to four massages, correct?

A Right.

Q Does that answer your question?

A GRAND JUROR: Not really. How do we know like about all these 25, 30?

A GRAND JUROR: There is more dates that match up with the amount of massages.

A GRAND JUROR: There were a hundred phone calls.

A GRAND JUROR: Are we supposed to assume a phone call was made each time they had sexual contact?

THE WITNESS: No. There are lots of phone calls made arranging appointments between the girls, that doesn't mean that every phone call that

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009544

34

was made was a trip over to Mr. Epstein's house to perform a massage.

[Redacted] : Yes, ma'am.

A GRAND JUROR: Couldn't they put anything in this indictment about stalking her, are there any rules against stalking children?

[Redacted] : I will address -- that is a legal question that I will address when the Special Agent is outside of the Grand Jury. Any other factual questions related?

A GRAND JUROR: I don't have a question relating to Jane Doe number 4, it was a question I asked last week, what does Mr. Epstein do for work, how does he make his money? I asked that late, late in the game last week.

[Redacted] : Okay, I guess we can just address that now.

BY [Redacted]:

Q What is Mr. Epstein's state of profession?
A He is an investor.
Q And he manages portfolios valued at about a billion or more?
A Yes.
Q Who is his best known client?
A The owner of the Limited and Victoria Secret.

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [Redacted]

EFTA00009545

35

Q And you mentioned that as gifts Mr. Epstein tended to give Victoria Secrets panties and bra sets?

A Yes.

Q Does that answer the question?

A GRAND JUROR: Yes.

[Redacted]: Yes, ma'am.

A GRAND JUROR: Count 28 I thought I heard that -- I thought I heard the detective say that it was the Gulfstream rather than the Boeing 727 on flight records, just for your info.

[Redacted]: Count number 28, let's go back there.

BY [Redacted]:

Q Could you restate for the Grand Jury which company owns the Gulfstream?

A The Gulfstream is owned by Hyperion Air, Inc.

Q And the Boeing is owned by whom?

A JEGE, Inc.

Q Any other questions before we go on to Jane Doe number 5? We have four minutes.

Special Agent [Redacted], why don't I ask you to step outside so I can answer that question for the Grand Jury and address some issues.

(The witness was excused from the Grand Jury room.)

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [Redacted]

Copy 1 of 13

EFTA00009546

36

(Questions posed by the Grand Jury.)
(The testimony of the witness was concluded
before the Grand Jury.)

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE

EFTA00009547

37

CERTIFICATE OF REPORTER

I certify pages 2 through 36 are a true transcript of my shorthand notes of the testimony of [redacted] before the Federal Grand Jury, West Palm Beach, Florida on the 15th day of Tuesday, 2007.

Nancy Siegel

Nancy Siegel-Notary Public
Commission #DD0282274
Expires May 8, 2008

OFFICIAL REPORTING SERVICE [redacted]

EFTA00009548

EFTA00009549